




"genuine tan leather,anti-skin whitening"

"Boss Status Entertainment LLC. CEO & Owner Of A New Label In Philly. Also A Union Worker Local 252."
"Who the fuck is renee zell-wedger?"


















"* "

"Spanish Food!  Loving my job @ www.tienda.com"

"Comunicadora y Fotógrafa :)"


"Mutti ganz ohne Kind. Humor: schwarz. Nägel: rot. Zukunft: gold."




offline


:)

"eCommerce Marketing Professional 7+ yrs, search geek, own more shoes than I know what to do with, people watcher, Flagstaff native. Also? LOVE to dance."

"Sou esposa, filha, irmã, neta, nora, cunhada, tia e amiga. Amo maquiagem, moda, culinária, pets. Sou moderna e econômica. Sou simples assim."
"Father, friend, photographer, outdoor lover, German. Designing and building custom log homes with http://ecolog-homes.com"




"bby i gott tah wit mee3eh"

"Director of Nonprofit Services at Care2. Thinker. Reader. Writer. Teacher.  I like people, words, technology and telling the truth."





"course a pied / judo / environnement / musique / quebec / ..."
"Total geek with some artist thrown in."



"Bohemian I am!"

"Entrepreneur, ondernemer, vader, gek op brainstormen, Groningen, Footo.nl, Focussion.com, Inventive Mind, kiten met buggy, bergsport, klettersteig."

RESPECT!!!













"Loving LIfe"




"Cover Candle - Designed for hunters, by hunters!"

"R A N L U S Y * DJ / PRODUCER - Vitoria - ES __  •   Booking: 55 27 9936-4703 (Pedro Pessoti)   •  __ WWW.PESSOTIEVENTOS.TK "

"Live With Passion."
"the ace of ♠"




"the word rowdy is the best description of my life"
"French Chef in South Carolina"
"Mencoba menghindar dari kehedonan jakarta"
"OB/GYN-Women`s Health RN for 26 years. I enjoy educating women on health  issues  affecting women today,"
"def to fresh on most days"




"Ever tried, ever failed, no matter, try again, fail better."



"doing my under graduation"

"i draw things. I scream and yell. I rock. humanfurnace13@aol.com"
"hmmm lets see im a gamer chick/ college student/ animal lover "






"Curator of cool.. Im just good being me!!!  #LAKERnation "

"i`m too poor to be eccentric, but too sane to be mad.  I also like this face a lot XD"

"Hey,,My name is Mikaela i`m 15 years old i`m a cheerleader and I love to hang out, have a good time, and tlk. :) "



"The last person you expect when you don`t expect anyone."





"hey im becky, i live in west brom... im at university and love God... i love working with youth and live in an audacious generation"
"I am the mom of one absolutely wonderful daughter - kali my baby girl!!!!"
" Photography by a husband(Erin @dejauregui ) & wife(Courtney)team. Court does all the tweeting, so Erin takes no responsibility for the lame ones."





"works on toy packaging. loves volkswagens(the old ones), weekends, live in the moment, grew up in a small mining town, live in a big city."





"מנהל תחום שימור עובדים חדשים בלאומי ואחראי על גיוס ברשתות החברתיות"
"Graphic & Interactive Media Designer living in NYC. Will work for chocolate."

























"Mídias sociais, marketing digital, redator, blogueiro, jornalista cidadão, automaníaco, músico profissional, chef amador, marido e pai!"
"Igor Augusto Bonfim dos Santos, uma pessoa normal como as outras que segue sua vida por um caminho escolhido pelo próprio. I ♥ Britney"



"Medium bodied, slightly oaky, with a top note of vanilla and a luminously spicy finish."








"Tuba playing, sardine eating, town planning, cyclist chap."



"Exec Pastor at New Community Church. Worked for Xerox for 10 years and Russell Investments for 12 Years. Two kids and one lovely wife."






"Cocktails, cooking, thermomixing and gardening. Oh and Sparkles!"



"You can take the scientist out of Essex...but you can`t take Essex out of the scientist!"

"Uma mistura de bossa nova, rock `n` roll, design e jiu jitsu!"



"A person`s life can`t be summed in a simple line... "

"Auditor-fiscal curioso."

"Poet. Author of Like Oceans Turned Sideways``  Brother of Iota Phi Theta Fraternity, Inc. FA08BX #5  "

"i am an indangered species.. you can only find one of me out there. "

"Bird without feathers!"




"Literature/Theatre DoubleMajor; I`m the fire in your soul.  smile dammit."




よろしく！

"A painter paints pictures on a canvas, while musicians paint their pictures on silence. ~ Leopold Stokowski "





"Its better to be thought a fool and remain silient, than it is to speak and remove all doubt"
"Sou Cristã e meu maior amor.... é o Senhor!!! Sou determinada, romântica, sonhadora, apaixonada pela vida e realista. "


HI




"so this is my personal account, follow my other account too :)  http://twitter.com/#!/camsandguitars  "

"I have no great story of adventure,danger,true romance,but I know what I want, know that everything depends on myself and,nothing is by chance."




"To know me it to love me !!!!! I am the most friedly person you would ever meet till you push my BUTTON! Welcome to my world!"

"mineiro, sagitariano, otimista  e produtor musical. ouça http://www.myspace.com/acauaferreira"






" - A former Indonesian Air Force jet fighter pilot in the `60s who had flown Soviet-built MiG aircraft, but now a retired Air Force general officer (*)."
"A newly wed, a secretary, a grad student, a Pampered Chef Consultant, a Group Power instructor.  Some days I feel as if I can do it all, others, I don`t."



"Author a/w/a Samantha Graves"







"Work in film, like lemurs."








"I want to have fun myself and with others!"

"The greatest mistake in life are the chances we didn`t take!"





"I love art, music, fashion, and my daughter. I live by one rule- funny is funny! "
"Mobile Tech"







"I`m a mum to a beautiful girl & a gorgeous little man!x"
"I`m Sarah! I`m a freshman in college going for Massage Therapy. I`m a vegetarian! :D"









"Love to race MX, hunt, fish, camp and ski."
student




"History Graduate"
"DJ Cruz owner of Cruzin Entertainment, Disc Jockey, Music, Texas, Louisiana, Southern University, F&AM, Entertainment, Weddings, Parties, Receptions"

"Devoted Keith Urban Fan"
"Estar sempre de bem com a vida faz um bem pra vida... Experimenta!!!"




マリリーです。、。：；。；：☆ニコニコとかDANCEとか大好き。ゆるく～つぶやいてます。絡んでくれたらうれすいいいいいにょ～☆まりりーのお部屋コミュだよ☆キラキラ、。。。：・。；。、。・；http://com.nicovideo.jp/community/co141334



"I`m Just Me."







"Si eReS aMaNTe DeL TuRiSMo RuRaL, RURALANDIA eS Tu DiReCToRio. aLoJaMieNToS RuRaLeS CoN eNCaNTo: CaSaS, aPToS, HoTeLeS, CueVaS, PoSaDaS..."
"Tudo Que Voce Procura Sobre Motos Encontra ; revista eletrônica e-mail giseleflores@sobremotos.com.br Sobremotos.com.br"
"Sound as a pound but not round !"




"LGBT social network !"
"dancer. drummer. jolly goose ;D talk to me, im epic. :P"







"writer, tweeter, social media yogi, lindy hop dancer, crafty lady, maker of mess in the kitchen, painter, adventurer, traveller, doer of things"











"i`m just a shell of a broken man"

"A Highwayman! I`m a truck driver "

"www.lindsaybryantphotography.com http://portabletelevision.blogspot.com/"











"Love Rosebeet``z forever!!! :x"



"Country mouse/ City mouse"




"crazy. Fun. Little twig of a person lol. Love 2 laugh"














"At BD`s you select the ingredients for a \"create your own stir-fry\" - choices include a variety of meats, poultry and seafood, vegetables oils, sauces"

"just love life and enjoy it as much you can because there is no other chance "
"A contemplator who loves a good book, hot tea, music, good food, glass of wine, yoga, tennis, nature, silence, trips anywhere, everywhere, and all my boys"


"Santo anjo do Senhor, meu zeloso guardador, se a Ti me confiou a piedade Divina, sempre me rege, me guarde, me governe, me ilumine. Amém"

"Stag and hen night activity weekends in Nottingham and London"




"Jessica. 17. Clarksville tn. Kenwood high school. Derik K. Brown has my heart."
" Website Design, Flash, Graphic Design, Logo Design, Photoshop, CSS, Templates, Animation, Video Services, ActionScript, Illustrator, 3D Rendering..."

"Instructional Designer, Training Manager, Music Addict, Sci Fi Gal, Anglophile, and Afirthionado!"
"A singer , If you want to hear me sing my youtube channel is johntravoltas1fan "
"Still kick`n"


apfeltelefon.de


"News and views (and pub guides) for Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, UK"







"Family and Wedding Photographer."














"B-Ball.Work Out.Sleep"

"i am a medical doctor who practises alternative medicine: homeopathy and musculo-skeletal medicine"

"New Mommy"




"A revolução começou!"
"Web Developer local to Cook Forest, PA. Web design, web hosting, domain services, website updates, database services, shopping carts, search engine promotion."
"I love cheese, long walks on the beach, music and Jesus, not necessarily in that order."


"Christ follower trying to change the world a little bit at a time Notre Dame football, Duke Basketball, NY Mets, NY Jets"


"Humm!!,falar de mim, meio complicado, mas vamos lá: Sou mulata,1,68 de altura,cabelos castanhos, tenho um corpo bonito, coxas grossas, olhar penetrante,um sorri"










"everyone is a fag in their own way. "
"I`m a happy person. I love a good laugh. I like to think I`m not judgmental. My family is the center of my universe. I love my husband and my two little girls. "
"Analista de Sistemas"


"Chata,carinhosa,metida,patricinha,mal humorada,ciumenta e São Paulina...eh isso o q eu sou.."

"lead designer tns disney channels uk"







"#TeamIDGAF #TeamCute #TeamMinaj #TeamRandom  #TeamFOLLOWBACK !#TeamAquarius  "





"skatepark built for gnar "

"And so the Glowstick fell in love with the Star."









"Knitter, guitar player, Kindle DX Reader"

"Erick Tsai @ 2010"

" Life is not measured by the amount of breaths that you take, but by the moments that take your breath away! "

"I currently attend JSU and this is my senior year. I am also on the track team where im a hurdler and sprinter. Mostly 400m, 400 hurdles an 4x400 relay."
"Housing Intelligence is the housing industry`s leading independent research and analytical source providing residential construction information."
"I am an Army Wife, a mother, a daughter, and student."







"Hi I`m Keli. :)"


"Hello, my name is Len. I enjoy reading, writing poetry, psychology, and anything that has something to do with the mind and personalities."






"Liverpool in the winter, North Carolina in the summer. Rock `n Roll baby"
"International education consulting for the Turkish community."

"Techie, gamer, all around lovable geek."


"i,m a no none sense type person with high expections!!!!!!!!"




西北政法大学论坛-西法大-西政在线-官方Twitter
"Co-editor of alumni magazine"




"I take care of those who take care of you."






"I love my God and I give him all the glory."












"Not a good person, but a decent arm rest"
"I`m a self-employed medical transcriptionist and proud mother of one son in the US Army!"

"Hosts of \"Sibling Rivalry,\" an edgy, comedic New York sports talk show"






"19, Manchester, Human Biology at MMU. "



"Free AutoCAD tutorials, tips & tricks by www.tutorialhero.com"
"Scott Stapp has the voice of an angel"


"Penso, logo surto."




"24 year old professional female"
"i have no idea what twitter is but ok."

"Endlich News ganz ohne Geschätzte Freunde des irgendwas-Blablabla. Da würd ich zugreifen!"








"21 year old student of Fashion Communication from Rome"

"Pastor to Couples & Groups Saddleback Church.I married my wife because she picked my name out of a hat. My boys wonder why I like the Cubs who never seem to win"

"Just checkin out this twitter thing for now!"
"Humanist Community in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada"

": "



"Alternelectrojazzpunk. Buy our debut EP now!"

"Editing, proofing, and publishing. From dissertations to resumes, manuscripts to screenplays, we`ll proof it all! Jargon Media LLC—we deal with the lingo."


"Internet Marketer (SEO, PPC, Web Design, Social Media), SDSU sports addict, graphic designer, loving dog owner, and beer snob. Contact me for more information! "
"Patrick Lim Xavier School"

"19 year old web designer, installation artist, and illustrator."




"Crazy, Sexy, Cool...."

"Creative Is Who I Am "










.......

"We are the world`s leading organization for journalists."




"Resenha de Notícias Fiscais. Site e boletim atualizado diariamente com as principais notícias sobre assuntos tributários, trabalhistas, contábeis e societários."


"Technology enthusiast. Solar Professional. San Francisco cow boy. Former frenchman."




"travel explore be... and watch good movies (if there`s any time left: save the world)"


"Arsenal fan... "






"No Whining, No Complaining, No Excuses."
"Party and Economics"

"Lifelong golf enthusiast, former assistant pro that has am. status once again. Love the #Utes, #Jazz, #Cubs, #Packers and #Flames "
"Live life fast! From Harrogate but live mainly in London. Love my life!  "

"Enough about your dick, Mr. Avalon"
"just let it flow"








"Be real, be confident, and be proud to be yourself. You were made to be you, not someone else!"









"It doesn’t matter if a glass is half-empty or half-full… there is always a bottle right next to it (by E. Dedeic) BAMMC student and a believer"


"Padi 5 Star Divecenter Tauchsportcenter alles was man zum tauchen, schnorchel und schwimmen braucht. Tauchausbildung von A-Z"






"TREE G -- thats the name..DIMES...  livin in corona,ca . "
LOVE
"Techie SLP for deaf kids; strong interest in Web 2.0"






"Please follow my tweets at @sanjspatel"



"coyote clean up MF"
"Nearly 18, my skills lie within I.T. Just started my first full time job at Computacenter, and love spending time with my amazing girlfriend Nicole Malloy 3"
"I am a recent college graduate... 2011 to be exact... Mother of 3 kids..."


"Official Twitter page for the San Diego Based Zirvo Group. Acquiring companies and changing the lives of our employees and customers!"

"Marianas Variety Guam Edition. Unofficial."



"#teamCHEERLEADER #teamDARKSKIN #teamANDROID #teamSINGLE #teamSMILE :))))"
"Renegade Ways #CashGang"
"heeeeeello [RestInPeace -  JessicaWeishair  SLQH  KaileyOlson  PaulPfeifle  ZacharyZetter  VonPotter ]"


"Best tweets in town"





"Wrayy*** :-*"
"Happy accountant, loves God, her daughter, her country, and MN!"
"Living a life filled with hubby and three fun dogs"


"Twitter účet sloužící partě bezejmenných bloggerů. Pro veškeré info následujte slunecno.wordpress.com"







"I am and aspiring actress, singer, dancer, and songwriter. :) most of all singing is my passion hope to c  on the big screen soon :)"
"A nerdy wordy tattooed be-stockinged beguiler, purveyor of pinup and retail yogi. Oft found sipping whiskey hunting beauty, dancing and climbing trees. "
"Producer of music & Video."

"Law Student Guitar Player Technoholic"

"I love  films!  lol"









"i love life."
"notin much my life right now aint exactly well PERFECT"

"This is basically a bit of an online diary, I say what I want.. talkin` smoke mostly!"
"Acesse www.barataobama.com"
ふっくふくにしてあげる



"I strive to be a strong, intelligent, moral woman who loves and honors her husband all the while knowing I am nothing without Jesus Christ."


"Pozorovatel na volné pozorovatelně, student UISK FFUK, basák Smyslu Decibelu, útočník FC F3N B, Android user, nenapravitelný cynik"

"the stars cant help but shine their light...shine yours  PRESS ON -Philippians 3:14"





"Spice Marketing web and digital strategy + Jewelry Designer / consultant + wife + animal lover + southern at heart + politically crazed + naturally caffeinated "







"Sugar Sugar How You Get So Fly?"
"Puff from Wolverhampton"
thebaddestlowdownmofointown




"Seattle Culture Enthusiast, Also tweets as @henryartgallery."
"Joven estudiante, interesado en la cultura, nuevas tecnologías y amante de la música. Creyente en que Chile tiene aspectos tanto positivos como negativos. (:"
" "

"every day a new discovery..."



"Tweeetin since 09`"





"Levine School of Music is a community music school where children and adults find lifelong inspiration and joy through music."
Stuck.


"Student. NZ. Love to tweet."




"Single Mom of 5 of which 4 are teenagers think I will go insane"
"Wife, Mom, Gramma, Artist, Baker, Volunteer, TDI Member and Dog Lover!"










"Ali Ahmet Cimtay"




"Radio news reporter/anchor"

"Help you find the best savings on everything... "

"Job Site"


senior!

"I have my own taxi and do the following sports bikes sailing skating competitions will shoot."




"#TeamHTC , #TeamBaddass , #TeamKiaa , #Teamskinny #teamsingle #teamleo #teammodeltype #teamshawtybadd #teamfollowback[follow me &`d i`ll follow yu back] "






"I have hair that curls and I`m always wearing pearls."





"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by things that you did..."













"Im Daisy. I enjoy cake and Philip."




"I`m a Real Estate Advisor for an online real estate broker based out of DC.  Visit www.sawbuck.com. to work with the best and save the most!"
"artist: Painter, Independent Animator"




"A Dutch Media, Audio and Video Company (moderated by Eelco Wijninga)."



"バドミントン、自動車、バイク、家電が好きな31歳 "




"eco friendly, in love & always searching for happiness"
"I have a gorgeous son named Ian...I am a licensed optician, currently working full time and going to college full time...aspiring to become a nurse anesthetist."
"Forgot to mention I`m /insane/ by definition."
"I`m Jordan. I live in upstate New York. I love music. Follow me. :)"

"London-based Ghanaian poet, filmmaker and journalist"

"Aspiring fantasy author. Currently working on my third novel, about to seek an agent. My series is inspired by Japanese folklore, anime and manga"




"Gay travel news and features."

"CEO @senamtic, CTO @mth, COO @my-life & co-CFO @mywallet..."
"This is POETRY SLAM crashing into HIP-HOP BATTLES // Pop-Literature 2.0 // Watch out for events in your city..."





"This is my first time creating one so here goes i spend my time fun times roll play but mostly playing dress up more on my bio link"

leal_pb@hotmail.com

"Her kan du følge med i livet hos Galleri Kronblad - på et mere personligt niveau...Hold øje med om der sker noget vildt eller ingenting - hurtigt og uden bøvl. "


おはこんばんちわ。
"Morning Radio Queen"




"Pray.Love.Smile. :)"






"Soy una chica amigable,me gusta leer y salir con mis amigas. "



"Fair Trade. Mountain Air. Books. These are a few of my favorite things."




"party like a rokkstar, driving in the fast lane no seat bealt on one live to live so live it right!"



"I`m Hariangbanga`s wife & baby Alya`s mom.. Alhamdulillah :)"


"P1 Superstock Offshore Powerboat Racing Team"


"Krida Nusantara shs   invite me 22A70B55   seems nothing but possible to be your everything ♥"

"Músico, escritor, fotógrafo, cineasta, soñador, pintor, amante ... eso pretendo ser... Realmente soy Mecánico tripulante de Helicópteros. feliz? quizás!"

"Pulp Live Productions bebe :) the workaholic with a bad case of headache.. "


"Senior Editor, Aviation Daily and Aviation Week"




"Workshop, Agent, Dealer, Showroom Furniture Indonesia"
"Tee hee"


"I like to hang out with friends and is very outgoing!!"

"Ima reall koo laid back type chick that like 2 Laugh,Chill,Cook,Travel, & Just Live Life 2 da Maxx!!"


"these violent delights have violent ends, and in their triumph die, like fire and powder, which as they kiss, consume."



"Gen Y on the cusp of Gen X with a hint of Baby Boomer. Old soul. Kristin Chenoweth.  Matthew Morrison. Jayma Mays. Fangirl Expert. Radio."







"daddy`s little girl"
"“I`ll come and make love to you at five o`clock. If I`m late start without me.”"



"I love to make money and spend it..love Patron..Leo`s....Lil Wayne...and more Money!"

逆境に苦しんでいる僕と同じ全国の中高年の皆さん、希望を持って一緒に頑張りましょう(^。^)v
夜中にツィートすることが多いけどよろしく〜




"ME WALKIN TALL BEEING 14TEEN LIFE HIT ME EVERY THING AINT AINT EASY AND MAKEING THING IN MY OWN GAME I WALK TALL AGINST THE RAIN "






"im 25,single,gay and hardworker"

"Never ran with a clique, I`m the posse."





"(= lets drive the open roads!"



"Beruf: Bibliothekar"




"プログラマ。poor coder。Java/C/Linux/Androidを少々。現在方向性を模索中。 このままじゃ食いっぱぐれるぜ…。"















"Estudiante de Derecho"
"The Spirit of the Lord is upon me,To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.  "







"I`m the world`s greatest karaoke host."
"Just trying to make life easier for my kids"
"Soldier based down south, Specialise in communications, Keen rugby player "

"Creating Peaceful, Cooperative Homes"
Tribal!


"Editor, bmj.com"




"nada como la naranja helada"


"A sabedoria não nos é dada. É preciso descobri-la por nós mesmos, depois de uma viagem que ninguém nos pode poupar ou fazer por nós. "

"YO SOY DE CUBA"




"I think too much, like to communicate with people but love my time alone. I am interested in what makes people tick. Mmmmm"







"Retired Giants Fan"
"My short-term memory is shot! Wait...what was I saying?"




"Ambitious Girl"



"~~~~ FALCONS ~~~~ husband, father, ps3 gamer,  excercise .  .  .  Lakers, Red Sox .  .  ."


"Behold the dances of the snake."






"Very happily married with two beautiful daughters.  Work in housing helping prevent homelessness & teacher training.  Likes music and time with my family :)"







"New momma & wife!"









"Have some!"



"I love Boston Celtics. I love KOL. I love hamsters. I love Haribo. I love love. I love carpet. But most of all, I love you ;) xx"
"Habitual risk taker and mistake maker"




"Heavy duty Tool boxes, flatbeds, and more; Stocked & Custom sizes, can build to suit. Lifetime Warranty.     1.800.TOOL-BOX after hours 541.778.0585 "









"Follower of Jesus"







"A blogger and a vagrant... "
"Just your average world traveler using a second profile to share my intimate thoughts with people who deserve to know them."

"estudante de biologia, fanático por futebol e por música boa."

"Musician,Student,Gtr Builder"





"Nicholette Hoyer is a knitwear designer, instructor, weaver and blogger of So Ya Want To Be A Yarn Shop Owner..."
"I`m awesome...that`s all you need to know."
"I love movie, books, music, games, family, friends and my boyfriend. Simple really :)"


"Economist, researcher, catequist, student and by its very nature and just fond romancista of Barcelona."
"Colombia meets Atlanta meets New Jersey/New York City. That`s a lot of meeting. Photo by Rodrigo Barbosa rodrigobarbosa.com"




"Easy Goin Guy, Searching For That Reason To Be."
"Developer Outreach @ Exicon, mobile minded, innovation obesessed"
"Design and Photography"




"acredite...vc não ia querer saber"
"Space, Sound, Rock and Roll ★★★★"






"We play games on the Xbox360"


"Too self important for 160 characters..."



Trouble.


"the greatest thing a person can do is to make someone smile :)"





"animal lovers, rescue advocates, dedicated animal foster homes, friends of the alameda small dog park."






"Event planning/ Courier service/                                                                bbm 23349448 6477029975.."
"Food is all i want :)"





"Observo ..."
"I am what I am and what I am is...........Me!!"




"I came, I saw, I wondered!!"



"Music is the best thing that has ever happened to me, besides mike of course."



"Um sonhador, amante da vida e daqueles que sabem como aproveita-la ... Viver é o maior presente que ganhamos nessa vida, entao ela bem viva!"
"Trying to spend 24 at Se7en`s crib."



"my heart is my brain -leo"







"A word to the wise is not necessary -- it`s the stupid ones that need the advice."




"Follow this account for geo-targeted Recruiters/Recruiting job tweets in Jacksonville, FL from TweetMyJOBS.com"





"Intellecta Srl is a Strategic marketing and media consultancy "



"I swear Im cool lol"



"I`m one of the youngest and baddest model coming from DC...now in Cali"

"Graphic Designer with advertising focus. In the greater Chicago area. Proficient in the adobe creative suite. Working as a Package Designer for Talbott Teas. "

"Hooper::.. Athletic Dude:::... Bowler:::.... Anything else, Follow Me. . .  Bozz Did it:::...."

"Just trying to get by."

"I want to know how to become famous so if you know send a mess."

"Media & Marketing for all things green and earth friendly"


"Get In ! Get Trained ! Get Paid!"

"I`m a writer and academic gypsy from Chicago."




"http://martha42.wordpress.com) Serial Entrepreneur; Business Consultant; Health & Wellness Advisor"





"Latest news from domaining to online business. We have it all!"


"Sou o que sou. Se você gosta ou não, problema seu."
"The New Jersey Prince of comedy!!!! Keep ya eyes on ya own paper!"


"a REAL mom with superpowers! time travel, gaming, music, food, luv it!"






"Wai Yuen Yeung-Disciple of Master Yang Shou-Chung & Master Wang Tyzz Her (who is the Disciple of Grandmaster Yang Ch`eng Fu(Yang School of Taichichuan)"








"I play paintball and football. i have 2 bros and a dog! "

"e-consultant @mediaparticipations"


"Welcome to Naples Harley-Davidson®. Whether you`re a first-timer or a life-timer, you`re going to love the Scott Fischer Harley-Davidson experience."

"Keep reminding yourself. What you are going through isn’t the end of the story…it is simply the rough journey that leads to the right destination."






...





"Managing Editor and Reviews Editor at SideQuesting.com   JPAG -- Joystiq Podcast historian   Yo-yoer"

"World Traveller, Olympic Games Project - Vancouver 2010, Asian Games- Guangzhou 2010, Distance Runner, Mac Lover in Vancouver."


"shy, quiet, listener, but once i starting i can be talktive good sense of humor, always happy to meet new ppl"


"A&R HipHopSince1978,Platinum Songwriter,Producer. Coalition music ceo Screenwriter 540 films so focused what are you "
"creative women change lives"


"My life? its simple, sharon and sonny x"








"Writer/Film Fanatic/Soda Addict/Former Vice Romper-Stomper of W&M class of  08...wait!!"

"Im Emily and The best thing in the world is acting and singing"
"writer editor banjo picker wordsmite&bookartisan"
"Faites moi pas chier je suis en bébéblues"
"Country living to the fullest."
"Wedding Photographer in Perth, Scotland.  Wife, mother, dog owner. "

"UMN AHC Academic Technologies Initiative"


"Just another tick in the clock."
"I have 2 girls and my husband is dragging me to Minneapolis :). I love him - he`s hot!"





"Top Twitter Backgrounds, Reviews and Twitter News!"
"Husband, Florida State alum, and fan of sports, music, tech."
"I Live My Life By The \"YES\" Rule"

"18, love music, audio production, play a roland juno g, also make mashups and beats."
"eu na verdade sou um menestrel medieval assombrado com imagens de televisão assustado pelas coisas que acontecem dentro do meu coração "
"6`4 hazel eyes"



"Helping South Gippsland families get well and stay well for life!"
"©2011 Loopisduner Productions"


"Ive drawn regret from the truth of a thousand lies"




"ELEN LI"
"Please add your testimony to this itestify.co.za of what God has done for you. Miracles and uplifting stories"

"JustFollowMee!(; bbpin 22BA78F6 *-*"



"I like floral dresses, high heels and robots."



"Model, Make Up Artist, Eldest of 2 little diamonds, Photographer, Actress. Still living in a Fab Life!  www.youtube.com/mynameiswelna"



"Love my life, my family, my friends ..... Cash is disposable .... I have other things that make me rich!"







"Actor, writer, director, entrepreneur and absolute lover of life."

"TVCOGECO is Truly Local Television, partnering with our community to produce programs that inform, entertain, educate and reflect our communities."
"Happily married..  at home mom of three charming kids."
"job: Flex/CF/Web dude - preferred job: not sure yet"


"cheerful doctor of complimentary medicine"
vendetta

"Healthy Patients, Satisfied Professionals, Across America"




















"Real Estate Expert in San Francisco Bay Area. Intero Real Estate Services. Dad. Husband. Build relationships with clients to help them achieve their goals. "

"Independent software developer: Ruby on Rails, Linux, iOS, Objective-C, PHP, etc."



Housewife

"mother, daughter, sister, lover, writer, artist, photographer, feral cat caretaker. day job: one macguffin or another"





"KBFL A&R- Creative Management, Stichting Klein Haarlem,  love gadgets & web 2.0 "



"sneakerhead and photographer"





"you`ll always smile upon me, and i`ll smile upon you too."



"all about me on myspace/facebook www.myspace.com/babyjamie025"
"*A girl should be two things-CLASSY and FABULOUS.* *You gotta be able to SMiLE through all the BULLSHiT. :) Remember that.* "


"Still waters runs deep"


"We are a telephone answering service and call center specializing in superior messaging. We are your call handling heroes!"
"Systems Engineer at Tuenti, last project: powerstack.org"
"Husband & Father. Lover of Torah, Y’shua and Israel. Enjoyer of Gardening. Wine. Web-Design. Photography. Health. Travel. Mountains. Fresh Air and the Guitar"






"Fan incontestable de Persifleur,Je mange des Kinder Pingui toute la journée,Mon QI est de 500,et oh un oiseau vole dans le ciel :O .. Je suis,Je suis ??"
"Oh hai. "









"am a fun lovin easy goin guy n i enjoy a gud time"





"I`m a bassist from New Orleans. I`m a fan of all music but I play jazz most of the time. Music is my life and I love what I do. Peace.  "







"I go to Herron. The xerox machine is my bitch."
"Company director for videogame distributor, races bikes in spare time for Pearson Cycles, also into the supercar scene."
"Oklahoma State University-Tulsa offers the advantages of a Big 12 university with the location, environment and flexible schedules that let you be yourself."


"Im pretty awesome :)"



Attorney




"I come from the East and the West and cherish the oddities, the counter intuitive, and the subjective. I really enjoy teaching dolphins to swim."
"Well known Speaker/Author/Publisher"







"Articling Student at McMillan LLP. 2010 JD Osgoode Hall, CIPPIC fan/alumnus. Legal interests include law&tech, telecom/regulatory and, of course, privacy"






"alive :D"

"Essa menina, essa mulher, essa senhora."


"Christian, love horses, cats, exercise, travel, spending time with family and friends, and music. Proud Straight No Chaser fan http://www.sncmusic.com"








"we the best!!! =P"


"This is me, behind the curtains. "

"Baker River Hotshots are a highly-trained 20-person wildland fire crew"



"Singer guy. Also do other things. Hi!"


"Spiritual Hippy"
"I don`t want to be your favorite enemy."















"five feet tall, brown hair, blue eyes, pretty awesome"



"One Blue chemist trying to green our planet a little more every day."





"I`m a Japanese language student living in Osaka until March, 2011.  Sweet!"



"same old same old"

"blessed is the mom whos best friends are her children and thank the lord im BLESSED!!!"
"Comunidad Networking para ganar dinero por internet. Organiza a sus miembros en negocios estrategicos. Formando redes perfectas, un solo equipo, todos ganan."


"I am a certified hypnotherapist, a writer and teacher.  I have written many books on the subjects of health and hypnosis. “Ericksonian Hypnosis: A Handbook of C"


"I play Football, I wrestle, I like to joke around, hit me up"


"Me gusta leer, correr, viajar y sobre todo amo pasar todo el tiempo que sea posible con mi familia... aunque a veces no los aguanto!!!"




"RadiumSoftware (blog), Denkitribe (YouTube), よよだいん（ニコ動），などなど……"
"A Day To Remember. Blink-182. A7x. Motion City Soundtrack. Music Drums. Hit me up"

















"Im a small town girl, with big dreams ahead of me.  Im only 18 years old, and i tend to think with my heart more than my mind. Im in a beautiful relationship&lt"
"Governor- Phil. Red Cross, Phil. Star columnist "













"We are who we pretend to be."




"Developer, Apple Fan, XCode Developer coming soon!"
"Stuff n things n things n stuff...."

"Schrijfster,levengenietster,goudzoekster,luisteren naar "
"Accountant.....ZZzzzzzz i know :)"




"Married to Fran, father to Gill, play guitar/keyboards with Creeping Bentgrass, work for JISC infoNet, personal blog linked below"


"Closet Graphic Designer, full time geek and Star Wars fan. User of too much electricity and Customer Service Munkeh in the Telecoms World. Possibly bipolar? "





"I am 21 years old, I work on the customer helpdesk at comet LOL I am taken by my gawjus fiance samantha glass"
"I`m 31 Live in Wales enjoy going to the gym and going out,love pet`s just bought a dog de bordoux "




"Jen jeden zbude-li, tim jednim budu ja."
"✔ n n t n f r v r ღ"



"Just an ordinary girl dreaming for extraordinary things to happen :)"

"DJ in San Diego for Starry Eyed Music. Entertainment Coordinator @ Valley View Casino. Music junkie. Sneaker addict. "







"The Hottest Nightclub in town!!"
"dinner & gala specialist / fundraiser in memphis, tn"
"What do you wanna know?"



"Люблю Петербург. Увлекаюсь фотографией. Слежу за новостями."




"art film music love good food sunny days parks forests islands oceans lakes"



"Spoon-bending Episcopalian."
"With GOD all things are Possible !!"


"Web Developer / Photographer"

"I am chill, I play football O-line pride, Like to party and have a good time, Better than chuck norris"










"Bieber.♥ May 10, 2011 - best day ever. ♡ SWAG ♦"




"Author; Speaker; Coach"


"dat｢｣ / 音楽とかアニメとかー　フォロー・リムーブ・返信はお気に召すままにどうぞ　返信遅めです、ご容赦下さい　MySpace: http://www.myspace.com/youfrozen & http://www.myspace.com/thekill7experiments"



"행복은 항상 가까이에 있음. "
"I NEVER PLAY THE VICTIM I`D RATHER BE A STALKER"







"i`m only looking at your eyes..."
"WordPress. Mobile Apps. SAAS Products.  Development Services.     "

"Classy,Spoiled ,Sexy ,Lesbian living my life"






"dogs & horses"


"DOING ME BABY :)"


"m cool ,m dashing, nd m so romantic man"

"im 15 and twitter is pretty boring..."

"Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability"



...


"A one line bio simply is not possible... "
"Online Reputation"

"Music Nerd. Orchestration. Technology. Party Boy Song. Synthesizers. Electro. Hip-hop."
"Name`s Winters...Honor belongs to me, she`s my kid sister. I run the family business...if you don`t what it is, you don`t need to know"
"I have a need For solitude I’ll never be Safe in crowded rooms I like the sound Of silence coming on I come around When everyone has gone (MCC, 2010)"

"We are the Exclusive Business Directory for St Lucie County!"


!




"Home Health Aid"



"Hello, I am quite odd."

"a july girl trying to figure it all out."
"Love Fun Travel Baking Poetry Family Guy Episodes & Music!!!"





"Mom, Wife, Animal Lover, Native Texan (6th Generation) and GH Fan since 9. American By Birth; Texan By The Grace of God"






"AZOkie. Husband. Father. Designer. Gardener. Biker. Hiker. Eater. Film & Music Enthusiast."










"Cool Calm Collective Ready for anything"
"dj / producer"


"One man attempting to make some scratch & keep his soul @ the same time. Let`s watch."










"i just a man which had lost the love and cann`t forgive the past era!!"



"U.K. Comedian and host of The Green Room Podcast. www.philbutler.co.uk www.thegreenroompodcast.com"
"Quero subir nos altos montes pra te encontrar meu Deus, meu Senhor. "
"I am the worst."

"We are a full service medical and legal transcription service based 100% in the US.  Contact us for a free 2 week trial!"
"Mark and Nick, Timberland Earthkeeper Heroes, are hooking up eco-minded Londoners with hands-on greening projects!  Dig in at www.projectdirt.com"





"Old school tweeter since `03"



"Always working hard, never hardly working!"







"I M 6 Feet Tall.Have Gymnastic Body.  "
"what is that"





"I am a Immature lady in my mid 20`s if you don`t like me KMA"



"Owner www.groen-geregeld.nl"
"everything attracts :D"


"hi-tech layed back kinda guy"











"A professional blogger who writes about Blogging, Technology, SEO, Social Media, Make Money Online. In short cool teenage boy. :)"
"Campania In Viaggio, free press sul turismo"

"I Play Games and work on things at CAWs.WS - Fear the Beard "

"22. I swear, rant, joke and tweet lulz."

"Im Jodie.... =] Facebook, Myspace"





"lascivious girl hooked on Magic"
"Are you looking for gifts for a special occasion? Click my website!"




"Stay at home mother of 3. Passionate about Politics and the news"


"I am what I am and that`s all that I am"




"Student. Artist. Lover of folk music. "














"all that glitters is not gold"


"do not feed me after midnight. do not put me in direct sunlight do not get me wet."

"global vagrant trying to save the environment"

"Zombies ate my bio"

"3 LOLA"






"I’m the BIGGEST Oregon State fan out there. My love goes out to all of Beaver Nation!"



"More Brewster supporters on Twitter.  GO BREWSTER GO!"





...



"IT professional and a Toastmaster from the foothills of Himalayas"

"Sr. Director, Sony Worldwide Studios Europe"
"Progressive Community Organizer in Minnesota"
"We`re a slowly growing Australian Punk Rock band =]"


"Yes, this is the real Mark Francis."




"It`s not a crisis. It`s a chance to switch thinking."




"My Name Is Robby-- (insert clever line here)"



"MAY THE LORD PROTECT ME AS THE WALK GETS HECTIC... MY VOICE PROJECTED MY LIFE REFLECTED..."
"Success is easy, if you do it."



"husband, dad, music + reading fan, communication / publication pro, gadabout homebody. thoughts expressed here are mine and/or those of voices in my head"
"taken & living in simplicity"

"Follow at your own risk."





"Business IT Support Services"





"A proud Geek. A Singer. "





"Nosso espaço foi planejado com carinho e o intuito de proporcionar aos praticantes experiências importantes de qualidade de vida e bem-estar. "












"Всё больше влюбляюсь в возможности онлайн-бизнеса! :-)"
"Determined to get it "











"nice teen w/ a lot of friends loving me so much.. "







"Im awesome-saucey. Duh. Its all you need to know."




"Student at North Ga Tech. "
"I`d rather be in a landrover"






"Im still attempting to find myself in the world"




"Dicas de pronúncia, gramática, vocabulário, sugestão de atividades... tudo para você aprender inglês!"






"Walker, Hiker, Thinker...questing for the answers to questions I don`t even know."

Пироман




"lil mama all about her money #nuff said ! :))"
"um cara que você com certeza quer como amigo...a e humilde é claro! haha"


"I am Awsometasticularific! Maybe you are too...."


:D



"BEM VINDOS AO FÃ CLUBE OFICIAL FRESNO MANAUS, Fã Clube criado no intuito de reunir o maior números de fãs da cidade de Manaus. "

"Jesus follower - `For to me, to live is Christ & to die is gain.` "





"I take pictures. "












大好物　：　ピアノ、ベース、カメラ、映画、アルコール




"とろろん/しぇるる/かなちゃんなど好きなように呼んでください 夢見る修士２年生だっちゃ(｡・ω・)♪ Replyに気付かないこともよくありますが、もらえると喜びます☆  Follow/Remove/RTなどご自由にどうぞ♪ アカウント名変えました(旧: @shelulu)"


"I love my home town Tsu city, Mie pre in Japan.Now,I enjoy living at Nagoya city,Aichi pre.I like Apple devices and Nagoya Grampus."



"dude im a shenaniganite from shenaniganville"


物と言葉と記憶について、そして場所と空間ときのこについて



"Sports editor of the Coalville and Ashby Times in Leicestershire. Loves rugby union, football and most sports, but can talk about other topics too!"
buctown
"I am the best, suck on that sub-section.  I`m spiderman but it`s a temporary job until I become the 4th member of blink-182. Galaxy defenders stay forever! "




"nurse/grad student in the Midwest, closet poet/writer, facebook and twitter habitue"

"Soapmaker, knitter, crocheter, mommy 24/7."


"I`m a web consultant by day, actor by night; and often vice-versa! My web business is www.YourWebsiteDude.com & my acting career site is  www.JorgeFerragut.com."















"I`m an internet product guy and I tweet mostly about the web/mobile, but occasionally mix in sports, space, philosophy and humor."



"A collection of web design and web inspiration from all over the web, where users can share pieces they like, and learn from other`s design solutions."

"Be yourself to everyone. It`s better to be hated for who you are, than be loved for WHO YOU ARE NOT. ;)"


"i do wat i do.. my swag really is vicious.. and im one of a kind "
" Failure is not an Option  and im 100% dedicated to the game"




"Página oficial de Rockeros para el Rock En Español en Phoenix, Arizona AZ EEUU desde 1997."
"I love reading, swimming, sitting on the front porch, and I love my family. "
"I am a happliy married, hard-working, full-time student, mother of 2 boys!"
"Edinburgh born singer songwriter based in west london"

"A sports loving, direct marketing geek at heart"


"Music. Dragon Age. Life. Magic. Death. Portal. Pokemon. Writing."




"Can`t be touch"
"I want to be a cowgirl when I grow up"

"Kick ass or get yours kicked simple as that"
"Quando Ela sorri,ela usa os olhos.Ela sorria desse jeito sem precisar se esforçar."


hipper


"What ya c is what ya get!! Loves ma family nd ma friend love my life :) "
"Agentursoftware im deutschsprachigen Raum seit über 20 Jahren und einer der führenden Anbieter mit erstklassigem Beratungsservice."

"I`m in perpetual beta mode"
"producer,internet,video,marketing,music,sports,lifestyle"





"I produce a radio show and I film people. I don`t get paid for doing either. Balls."
"get a tweet when new blog content is posted."
乙女ゲームとかでごそごそ。好きな＆プレイ済み→コルダ、遙か、ネオアン、パニパレ、スカレ、テイルズ。現在あさきとカエル畑をプレイ中です。










"All types of news for you. Submit your news to us for backlinks and publicity. Visit thezom.com for niche shopping sites and great bargains. "
"My little baby!!"



"I`m just a housewife who likes music,crafts. my dog. food network. Medical field, Travel.I`m an American,married to an Englishmen whom is now an American"
"Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I`m just a girl who wishes for the world    -- Marilyn Monroe  "



"I`m a physics graduate student at Baylor University. I like to be merry and so should you."


"Freddy Aint Got Shit On Me Im From 115th N Lenox Im A Nightmare On Any  St  -BBM pin:21A99912    "
"Michael Jackson`s Fans"



"Sports fan, joker"



"I`m a cool laid back lady!  I will always be myself regardless of what others think!"




"Find your Dream Home"
"I welcome crazy"
"Pre-med student. INTJ personality, if you’re familiar with MBTI. Loves reading, traveling and swimming. Science & Faith :)"

"Elaisa Mariez Cinco :)"

"Director General Motion Producciones / Dance Workshop Antofagasta. Put in motion yours emotions"




"44, Profesora de Ed. Inicial. Esposa, madre, hija, hermana y amiga. Vivo feliz como una lombriz!! "


uh
"Renaissance man with cheese"
"Zen & the art of structured observation"





"This is me, just the way i am.."


"Professional vagabond and semi professional sex panther"


























"I like things."




"No word seasoning please!"
"One man making a difference to pixels everywhere"






"Be yourself.  Everyone else is taken :)"

"Energy Contracts Administrator, Soapmaking Teacher"
"Final year civil engineering undergraduate from University of Moratuwa"



"Follow me!:)"
"Matagal na akong college. wag ka na magtanong kung bakit."


"The smarter way to stay updated on everything connected with Web technology & design."



"I Smoke, and drink. Well, ok. Mostly smoke...."

"!io sculpture Nails and pro make-up"
"Once upon a time there was a princess..."

"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it`s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. "
Choreographer/director/writer/producer/mover/shaker/blah/blah/blah...
"honest-to-god Texas Country music"












"Just another person tryna live my life the right way"

"Fun Friendly Movie Buffing Ping Pong Player! "








"I am a Professional Organizer with a degree in History who enjoys crafting and spending time with my husband and dog."

憂鬱なぐーたら社会人


"Vdub, Surf, Skate & Music Fest"


"I like Star Wars and Metal Gear, pizza and gyros, metal and ambient. I`m a cool cat but a hot tamale. Stylin` and profilin`, and always chillin` like a villain."





"Retired professional, divorced, fun-loving, dancing, active, likes travel, meeting people, theatre, holidays, solvency, companionship "
"legal beagle"







"m`baikar :))"



"marketing maven; traveler; lover of stories; advocate for philanthrophy; foodie; aspiring author; enjoys humor, dry wit, avant-garde & (mild) idiosyncrasies."


"web entrepreneur"





"Flight Facilities - Crave you Feat. Giselle"




"Life is goooooood.  3"




"The Emily Program Foundation promotes eating disorder awareness, education, advocacy, research, and community support."


"SMU alum. Maker of social media magic @ Razor (opinions here are my own). Obsessed with gadgets, technology, & music. Buy the ticket, take the ride."
shh.








"al-hidayat is the best"



"Very random n I dnt care "









"North Star Digital Imaging Finding you the best value for your $$ in Copiers & Office Equipment in Denver Colorado. Locally Owned & Operated."


"caregiver "













"MBO Verpleegkundige, leerjaar 2. Werkt in het Vlietland ziekenhuis in Schiedam. "



"跟大家交个朋友。  East Asia economy watcher, China business expert.  @中国における日本の強みは資金力から信用力へ移り変わた、パラダイムシフトできたか？ 趣味は育児、心理学、文化比較。漢字、横文字が嫌いではない方のみ、中国に好感を持って、お付き合い頂ければ幸いです。"
"Quem se define, se limita!"




"I think, I question and I dream, all without the aid of pants. #nopants"








"Ciudadano normal, casado y por sobre todo PaPá !!!"

"im gay, i love my wife.. Diaz no one is gonna change it so dnt try. n if u not on my level hop off."






"Looking for a recipe? Send us a tweet with your recipe requests! Recipe4Living.com is a user submitted recipe site with more than 21,000 recipes and counting!"
"Ruining it for everyone since 1977"
"Just Being ME, All Day Everyday, Loving God along the WAY!!"


"A-freaking-MAZING!!! 21 yrs old and working at Home Depot!"
"i like coffee, dancing, and shopping."


"My name is Devon Jones, I am interested in theology, martial arts,girls, and web design. "





"McSister...my sis is *really* crazy about Tom Fletcher! ha!"









LoVe

"i love sports,party,hanging out,and i love to meet new ppl. one day i will be big so best thing to do is add me now lol ;D"
"Married as of June 5th 2010 Father as of December 25th 2010 Career: Sr. Relationship Banker"



"@NerdFSA   @AniHime   @DAecompUEFS   @FeiraRPG  @FeiraDeSantana   #ProjetoEV   #UX   #DLM  SEM INDIRETAS!"




"I work as a senior engineer at the head office of a certain satellite broadcaster. If channels are off, then I`m probably looking at it, it may be my fault!"






"Founder of Startup Marketing. Co-founder AngelCube. Believer in failing forward."

"loves her friends, music, (her) guitars, manga and strawberries ;p"




"[OFICIAL] Saiba de todos os eventos da Enter Eventos !"
"I am a dreamer, learner and lover..."
"Marxist-Humanist organization, newspaper, and website"



"Born and raised in Queens,NY...reside in south Fla now."


Student
"Tennis fanatic as well as a Pete Sampras fanatic."





"IT Industry Manager, CEED II Project Moldova"







"Solo practitioner focusing on employment, business and immigration law. JD, LLM, MPA, MA. Se habla espanol."





"Slovak,  Diabetic, Hometown Chicago, studying Tourism, head over heels for my Marine, dog lover, love working out, very adventurous, love to travel and sports!"



"i like sea turtles."


"HairStylist/Barber. Just a simple dude making it do what it do. Happy being me!  "

"if you want something to happen in life, you`re dead without action"


























"금란이남편, 지성이아빠, 특허분석(?)가, 게임매니아, 정보수집가, 헤비다운로더"
"I like hdtv reviews"
"Leadership coach, director of Leadership Advantage program and clinical professor of business at the College of William & Mary"
": Dreams In Prospective™"
"I had a BIO, But then i Realized it was Too Much Information #BMG™"
"En una relacion con @YanferQ $: "



"13 year old man "
"I am the best invention of 1997"




"artsy graduate student mom & wife, likes travel and adventure"




"unofficial SiriusXM twitter account. for official updates, follow @siriusxm"


"A Southern celebrity obsessed, pop culture junkie attempting to live the dream in NYC."
"Geek Chic with a love for hip hop and artistic movies. also i secretly wish i could break dance."
"Project Manager, Boulderite, Runner. "






"Жаба-таксист :)"

"more than the sum of my twittering.."
"Staying ahead of the man everyday"



"actress. comedian. student. writer. painter. photographer. visual story teller. *artist*"



"omnivorous communications   advertising, branding, innovation, products, experiences, web, words  "




"For over a decade we’ve crafted websites & applications for some of the biggest brands in the world. We’re obsessed with user experience & emerging tech"


"Ambulansearbeider. "
"Center for practice of Tibetan Chod."

"A Blind Painter, a Deaf Musician and a Dumb Speaker..."





"Jornalista, apaixonada pela simplicidade da vida. Não sei sambar, mas não se surpreenda caso eu consiga aprender."



"Advocating for the Bibleless People Groups of the World"







"I don`t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone."

"Technology Visionary, Entrepreneur, Adventure Pilot, Interested in new ventures"

"Ingeniero pero con alma humanista."

"Liepāja, VeA"


"Live,Laugh,Love!!"

"friendly, responsible, down to earth, fun"
















"SEXXY EYES & LUSH LIPS"


"all round good egg, and wannabe action man!! "
"Homme de guauche. membre BP du PSU"



"intense. amazing. bookworm. "
"I have met a lot of people in my life.  Some are great.  Some are jerks.  I want to spend the rest of my life finding and befriending good people."
"Bodybuilder & Banker with random thoughts, qoutes, and funny retweets, oh and btw yes I`m a Mo!"




"record collector from Hamburg Germany, real hip-hop only"




"Opensource freeware technology training for indivs, families, communities"


"ANTES MUERTA QUE SENCILLA"












"RecordingArtist.Writer.Skater.Drinker.Poet.FckinVisionary #[DM]V #KJL #dmvmusic #livinglegend "

"The one and only LOVELY Jess coming to a city near you. ;)"

"disney tattooed on my wrist. think that says it all x"
"I am an active residential real estate agent living and working in the Denver Metro Area"

"Actress. (Film/TV/Theatre). Solo Artist,  private Acting Coach,  www.EllaJoyce.com  www.MsThingProductions.com  www.aRoseAmongThorns.com"


"Beachcat Concepts & Design  marketing and branding for your growing business"


"managing what your brand promises and what your organization delivers"




HELP!!!









" Worship Leader/ Sales"

"  PNR STATUS,CHILTERN RAILWAYS,GOOGLE SHENGHUO TRAIN TICKETS,RAIL EUROPE,INDIAN RAILWAY AVAILABILITY INDIAN RAILWAY ENQUIRY,BUY TICKETS ONLINE,VIA RAIL-TRAIN SC"
"Consultor e professor, especializado na área de indústrias gráficas e diretor da J.FERRARI. Trabalho com gestão de custos e desenvolvimento de equipes. "

meh.

"Mikkie Nichole ♥ ;) 15. Bullard. I love neon lights. Love is so overrated. Im a Night owl. I dont know what im doing. "
"don`t stop this train, don`t for a minute change the place you`re in."

"Paranoid Android! DJ, Graphic Designer & Katies other half... My friends call me Bungle, Mars Bar or Big Guy!!!"












"Listing the Arab World`s Best Videos "
"asshole = keeping it real"




"Im 20 years old. Thank Adversity because you learn the most about yourself by the way you face it."
"32, blonde, 5ft 2, in need of some excitement!"


"I got swag for sale......hurry up and buy"




"I am a freelance web designer from http://www.pkrstudios.co.uk"





"I am a very siimple giirl that goes with everyones styles.. :) all smiilez!!"


"wanna be guitarist"






"Aqui respirando/ Just breathe another day, another day just believe "



"Love music, especially Lingala.. and all the other good African vibes..."

"todavía no estoy ubicada en tiempo y espacio =P"


"SharePoint Admin and iPad fanatic"




"Pelo mundo... "
"nerd, musiker, schwul, jahrgang 1991, wohnhaft in köln mit breitem interessensspektrum"

"ITS WEZZY F. BABY!!!! HAHAHA. I LOVE HIMi love 2 eat,sleep,draw,and hang out with my friends.R.I.P. GRANDPA WOOD. jenni hope u feel beter"



"Truck Driver"

"YO` :)"
"Emergency Doc"



"heart and soul gal with two boys and a great boyfriend"

"Professional (don`t ask me what)...I refuse to grow up."





"ITT graduate in Computer Drafting & Design.  I  am an outdoors type. Enjoy playing Basketball n Football but will play anything competitive. "
髪の毛サラサラストレートくせ毛



"sunny days makes me happy "



"Artist   Designer   Cyclist   Screen-Printer   Texas Ex   Longhorns & Steelers fan   http://austin2011.livestrong.org/kollectivefusion"


"Co-Founder, COO @ Mutual Mobile"





OHAI!

"I am against design and manufacturing products for satisfying a consumerist market. I am against to keep on designing short lasting products."



"I AM FUNLOVING KIND OF GUY NOW MOVIN TO AUCKLAND SO LETS HOPE FOR GOOD TO HAPPEN"









"lead live with love :D"






"If I follow you, please follow me :)"



"Keyboard raconteur, socialite de rigueur; a pithy force majeure with delusions of grandeur"
"Hmmm...I`m just a dude trying to figure out twitter..."
"null"

"Transplanted in Chicago   Vaughn`s Valley Bleacher Bum   Milwaukee Brewers Tweep"





"part-time college student, part-time bartender, part-time comedian. Full-time bad bitch."
"SAP ABAP Workflow COnsultant"
"I BELONG TO JESUS"








"stylish :) ♥ @vandBLUES ivand m aries ♥  "





"Music Product Marketing Mgr @ Apple, Musician, Oregon Duck, KelloggMBA"







"Stylist in The City of Dreams xo"
"Online music fanzine and community.  Views expressed here are those of David Hillier, Gobshout Founding Editor."
"Give me a minute, I`m good. Give me an hour, I`m great. Give me six months, I`m unbeatable. -The A-Team (2010)"
"always havin fun!!!!!!"

"Im a single Ironworker who loves his son. Im from lower Mich. My hall is in Toledo oh. I like to have fun an enjoy life"











"Live and let live ! :D"








"the besstess"

"MhmmdDlnxStr`s and I`ve an awesome second family, 85 2☺11"


"The world turns, life moves in slow motion.  I am on this world, in this life and present in the moment."


"Hip-Hop & Comic Books"
"Hi my name is Chloe-Louise and what you see is what you get with me :D"

"I am a Post Graduate in PR and Corporate Communications, working for a PR firm, passionate abt dance&music,also have an inclination towards basketball"

"library goddess"
"im jess and im amazing"



"An IT Contractor/Scuba Diver splitting his time between London & Asia."




"They say [follow] a good woman, she`ll never lead you astray.... T.S."


"i love my friends!! they support me in whatever! but they never tell me when something isnt a good idea!! LIKE THE MOON BOUNCE!!! grawwrrr..... haha well ily 3"
"doxie penny, angel doxie nickels,doxie oliver & rottie bianca! we haf a kitty brofur and an angel kitty sisfur; our momma is @doxiegirl"
:)

"Regida pela poesia da dança e pelos acordes do coração. Romântica como uma valsa, melancólica como um adágio e intempestiva como o vento."
"Im skint!!!!"
"God, fashion designer & founder of Billionaire Mafia & Lana Fuchs Couture, entrepreneur, free spirit. I create..."




tweetmarketing@ymail.com




"Single, beautiful, wealthy, full of shit"








"Dad, Innovation, Mobile, Basketball Coach, Kids Soccer, Paddling/SUP"
"I`m an old jackass and I probably won`t like you. You know that drunk uncle who says inappropriate shit all the time? Hi, I`m OCD."


"Ocean Sailing Adventures"



"I love being a mom!"

"Denver`s Largest wine and liquor supermarket!"


"Rita Rich Media Services-an independent contractor of PR services and media consultation since 2004. Views are my own-mixed with shameless plugs."



PUTAFALTADESACANAGEM


"All The Hits!"

"BrittanyMarie. 14. I have way too many favorite bands and way too few friends. Single;Too awkward to mingle. Music is my boyfriend. Far too indie for you."
"You can call me P and if theres any interest in doing business I`ll be more than happy to give you a little presenation on what MJA Fashion is all about. "






"PUMA heart that no longer beats for the game. Dead account 1/5/10"

















"I`m jus sayin"



"Golden Crisp has the crunch with the punch!"

"Microsoft UC and Mobile aficionado.  Podcaster, Voiceover.  Apprentice Polymath.  Mitchell Bros stunt double."





"Hi i am a 32 year old single white female from Duluth, Minnesota. I am on here to make new friends..."


"Sunda 100% :) mau tau biodata? Mention aja langsung :P [11]"
"All I want is what we are living in eternal love sharing this amazing world with you. ♥"












"VP of Sales for Virtustream, Enterprise cloud "





"I am currently a film studies student who aspires to become a professional film critic/journalist. I regularly write reviews and articles on my blog:"

"I`m Mr.Scrump`s ♥ ,, hence i`m the chemical formula of Iodine + Nitrogen + Calcium .. can you guess what im made of?"
"Quase ator da Globo."


"Shut your mouth when you`re talking to me. :)"







"Instructional designer during day, an eLearning technologist at night. "
"Hey I`m Ying,16, I study art,math,english lit and graphics in college,Hit me up on facebook! www.facebook.com/ying.lui"





"POTENTRx is a locally owned, and run company based in Downtown Seattle.POTENTRx delivers high end Medical-Fitness Services, supported by the Latest Technology."
"It`s my life And it`s now or never I ain`t gonna live forever I just want to live while I`m alive "


"My name is Rachel i live in Boston, MA i have 2 dogs and a ferret. i love animals and i am currentlty doing a internship with a dog trainer. "



"I`m a husband, father, and Chef"


"What I am is what I am, you what you are or what?"


"I`ll let you ride with me in the car I win on The Price is Right"






"Sorry, no BIO...missed that memo ; )"






"DA Councillor and businessman in Kokstad"


"Things happen but we don`t really know why ♫ Just being me ♫ Don`t wake me from this sumbler ♫ FatherAlienFollowedMeOn15/O6/11"
"GOD first :everything else will fall in place.*Music♩♪♫♬ [DANCE].Smart. Beautiful- Goofy! #FollowBack #TeamScorpio  #TeamFlirt #TeamCELTICS #TeamCHEERLEADER"
"Now RcTorr is ReLoaded with PHP,  Python, HTML, CSS, Joomla, Gimp, Inkscape, OpenSuse, Ubuntu, Arch, Slack, Debian, Kino, Avidemux, Kdenlive, Pitivi, SQL, NoSQL"
"Xingo e falo putaria, não me acho em mulherenguice. Sou pisciana, Estudante de Arqueologia e Conservação de Arte Rupestre e Beer é meu maior prazer!"


"Compulsively honest, too smart for my own good, ex Construction Engineering Tech, Geek"









"ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.......    Hi:)"




"Ich bin vor vier Jahren legal von den Philipinen nach Deutschland eingereist, kurz nach meiner Geburt. Meine Eltern habe ich nicht kennengelernt.."


"Não levo jeito para ser princesa,Gosto do meu cabelo bagunçado,do meu shorts rasgados,meu tênis velho e meu guarda roupa desarrumado."

"42, HP fangirl, Bizan, fruit fly"
"Ur Personal Consultant of Weight Loss/Gain Weight Program!"






"theres a reason u dont no bout me!!   &hearts;"
"I love fancy chocolate, cuckoo clocks, and skiing."


"61, gorgeous, warrior-healer"






"Excellence is not a skill it is an attitude."
HahaHAhaAhah...
"mãe, esposa, estudante de jornalismo..."







"Owner of Meyer Computer Services, Father of two, Married"









"I`m very cuddly, I really am..."


"Daiane Rodrigues - International Twitter for friends at the word. Living in Brazil!  My e-mail is mrsdaiane@hotmail.com. See Ya!!!!!!!!! :)  "

"Web consultant to the public sector. Tweeting personal views on God, the universe and anything  "







"From Buffalo, NY. Graduate student at CSU, Long Beach. I will be receiving my Masters in Sport Management. Family, friends, and sports are my life."


"Dharmraj V. Ghodke was born in Solapur, Maharashatra, India, on October, 20, 1968. He received the B.E. degree in electrical engineering from W.C.E Sangali, Shi"










"Technical Project Manager, Scrum Master, Web Developer, Drupal Developer, Gadget Geek "
"I`m a versatile writer, entrepreneur and marketing consultant"






"Network Engineer "

"I am a luuv`n mother of four be-you-tiful children.. I luuv basketball (LA LAKERS)... Welp I can`t write my lyfe on my BIO so #follow me"
"ain`t nothin like it"
"sEoRan9 pLaJaR iPhEeS sMaLa eAnk duDuLz...."















"Businessman, Analyst, Comedian, Co-Founder of Pushudo.com and a man of many hats."
"try to follow me"
"Divertida cuando quiero/Sincera/Obstinada/Caprichosa/Fiel/Comprensiva pero si me Jodes te Jodo! XD Sigueme... Follow me Bisous!"
"Without my love of cheese were would I be "
"Creative direction of design collateral and vegetable adventures. Lover of food with friends, jogs on weekends, and learning of all kinds. "




"Gamer & Father, among other things"

"Web Traffic Manager with the love for social media, future of web technologies, music, dj-ing, travelling & all things creative. "















"Technology Director"





"A mother for 3,band manager,showbiz enterpreneur,a wonder woman."


"Da Man"







"Sweeter Than Apple Pie"




"I am wife and a mother 1st and for most... Im a down to earth type of person i cant stand stupid ppl at all..If you really want to know just ask me.."

"Printing Engineer. Getting your product noticed Architect."

"51 years young, a socal transplant, have made the las vegas valley my home for thirty years. Married to a lovely woman. Uganda native, Texas transplant. "



"Bama fan, college student, athlete."








"Damn, I`m fine!!              #TeamLibra #TeamThick #TeamBlackberry #TeamPrettyGurl #TFB"


"Twitterでアイデアを 増幅させるステキ創造サービス"




"President, Beach House Creative"

"Saya anaknya baik... suka bercanda... dan apa adanya.... Simple. Sederhana Dan Suka berbagi ilmu....!! :0 my life to share"








scotgossip@gmail.com







"names beth. 18. in college. thats itttt"














"Fundamental é mesmo o amor, é impossível ser feliz sozinho. O resto é mar..."
"Overthinking. Tech Journalist. 2.0 consultant. Tao friendly."
"I hate buffering"

"i like/tweet shoes, dmb, red sox, glee, tech stuff, soccer, nyc & new england, 60 min ipa, and fashion."

"social media outsider. talent dev guy for Atrion. founder, principal, and most junior employee of the new company Saratuck. dad. hubby. "

"++Love All. Trust A few. Do Wrong to None++"
"http://soniassrjcinema.blogspot.com/ http://soniassrjcinema.wordpress.com/ http://miniseriesbbc.blogspot.com/ http://www.filmsandseries.artesuniversales.com/"




"I`m still figuring stuff out but I`m a very happy mom with a beautiful son and wonderful family"



"Kabbalah student, professional still photographer, film maker, office supply distributor."




"I am just ordinary guy. Nothing specials accept to be a good boy for someone that I love. "
"I`d wreck that chick."


"100% I`m a B.I.T.C.H . Moody,chidish and friendly.hate math.♥chase and twenty five alix ♥vendetix25♥and ♥photograph.Feel free to follow :* xoxo♥MrshPrst "

"Sempre ao lado e procurando pessoas com boa energia e propósito de vida... "
"I`m 21 years old and I live in upstate NY"



"Proud momma to two great kids. "








"SHANEE "




"Splashy the whale smiled secretively, flapping his flappers and swimming."

"Hey, my name is Spencer:) Cody Simpson and Justin Bieber rock(; Cody, Mandy Rain, The Wonder Girls and more a following me(:"



"MA Student / Entrepreneur / Avid Reader / Music Lover / Travel Enthusiast / Pianist / Sinophile"

"I`m totally hot, d`you know what I mean?"




"short,blonde,bolshy and a big wigan warriors fan "









"hi. will u be my friend?"



"I am a 20 year old female. I love 4-wheeling, camping, and anything to do with water. "

"A Mother of twins,Classy,Independent,Cool,Laid back"
"I`m from Glasgow, Scotland and i`m 17 years old. "


"Mas os que esperam no SENHOR renovarão as forças Isaías 40:31"


"Are You Ready To Smile!"











"Kirola + Psikologia= KirolPsikologia ogibide."




"Photographer based out of New York city"

"im tall dark and handsome 3"














"It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer. -Shanna LaFleur"
"I love lomography and chocolate milk. I write. I paint. I read. I like girls. I am terrible at opening envelopes."

"Liveing My Life Out Of The Bubble 4 A Change!"


"All followers will be rewarded but must be patient"



"Founder/President of Ballantines PR."
"Been there, done that. Happy now to watch my children grow."

"This is a test. This is only a test."











"n o t h i n g ! (っ˘з(˘⌣˘ ) "


"I study MFU (Economic Major) ,Chonburi is my hometown,I love  "




"i have a lot to say to this world and the people in it. "





"Futura publicitária, empresária e sonhadora correndo sempre atrás dos meus objetivos =]"



"Lyrically gifted, musically challenged."





"I am Pamela, I want to have my own business, I work hard to stay in shape and I love giving relationship advice and would consider it a profession someday."

"Leonel Consórcios 30 anos de Tradição, Credibilidade e Profissionalismo! "






"An outdoor enthusiast living in Georgia, and camping around the South"








"i do want u to kno i hold u up above everyone and i do want u to kno that think ud be good to me and id be sooo good to u..xxx"




"Hi love life like fun job done"















"Business Broker, business intermediary, capital raise for private business  with $2 million plus of EBITDA  "
"Man mag mich, oder nicht ;-) Ein  dazwischen gibt es nicht! Ich bin verrückt, lieb, hilfsbereit und gnadenlos ehrlich! Jan, Tim und Nele sind mein Leben!!! "


"Education consultant, trainer, teacher, learner and mum to two gorgeous boys."



"sem comentários... literalmente"
"Wil Je BeatsS..?"
"#TREYSANGELS #teamsongz #teamnicki #teambeyoncé #teambreezy #teamNaija #teamNigeria"















"       *•.¸(*•.¸♥¸.•*´.)¸.•*´  «´¨•°Striving to be fab•°         one day at a time        ¸.•*(¸.•*´♥`*•.¸)`*•.¸"

"Rap artist, Hiphop/ R&B/ POP Ghost writer. #MONEYupMAFIA C.E.O  For Booking Info Contact management, B.A @remixlive 888-852-0296 or SmokeHouseent@aol.com"

"*4th year medical school student* "


"Its distinctive flavor and rich history have inspired mixologists to create a whole new generation of absinthe cocktails. "


"i am myself... you`ll know me better later.. "

"i like to keep that higher ground. spread love not hate."


"♥ Taylor Swift ♥ Ke$ha ♥ Jonas Brothers"
"Eu acredito em você! http://pedrolostangel.tumblr.com/"




"What I`d really like to be some day: Geologist, mountaineering woman, world traveler, wife and mother, not as much of a geek and not so contradictory"

"follow me and find out. #teamevo #TeamFYBM part of#TeamNECK:Inducted in 2011"

"Add amazing distance to every drive and cut your handicap by up to twelve strokes with the only instruction system proven to help almost any golfer break "

"born in dha county of dade Diwn south babii!"





"My name is Rhona Bennett I am a singer,actess and model.  I am from Chicago and live in LA now. I am traveling with the stage play Love Overboard."


"هنا ستكون كتاباتي الخاصة فقط"
"Twitter home of The Paley Center for Media."





"Quand les geeks meurent, ils vont à la corbeille ?"




"A good girl, lost in the city life."


"Filósofo, Advogado, Ecologista."














"loves the happiness"
"my name is ashley , im 14 years old, i go to tjhs . i likee to be out side in the warrm and i hate oswego! i love arizona!"



=)







"I am just a small piece of DNA dust suspended on universe."
"doin me ... not u ..."

"The Femme Fatale! Twitter para ajudar a Britney em votações e tags!"







"Mother of two step kids...wife to a man I adore. "
"Periodista y consultor político"









"Cirujano Dentista"

"Shit happens. Welcome to my world."


"não falo de mim.qual quer coisa que venha dizer parece soar falso, se conhece as pessoas pelas historias que contam dela,não pelas opiniões a seu respeito."

"こんにちは２８歳の社会人です。知り合いを増やしたいので、よろしかたったら、どなたでもﾒｰﾙください。 hello. I`m 28years old doctor. i want to foreign friends.please send me message if you are OK!"






"Santos campeao ...."
"Heyzo..i have youtube, i play sherwood, i LOVE waffles 3 lol hobos make me happy :p emos make me cry xDD lol, just made this out of boredom...Rawr"





"I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect. "
"The myth, the man, the legend :-)"


"Não daria pra escrever tudo aqui! ¬¬ Segue aê e conhece!"
"Award-Winning Mystery Author/City Girl who bumped into a cowboy and woke up in the wild, wild west. Now I write, blog, step-mom & muck cow poo."



"[Friendly version of our other Twitter.] Team of people. We have the cure for cancer."




"STO Radio...MARCELO STORELLI...Locutor."


"hey i`m miggy.I played drums in revormer 92.i get my first tattoo when i was born on my balls"


"Dad of 2 beatuiful girls, family man, partner to kelly, works hard plays hard."
"I`m your mom..."


"I`M A VERY COOL WOMAN TO BE AROUND, DON`T HAVE TIME FOR DRAMA SO SAVE IT!!!"



"i can tell u everything but u still wont know anything"
"MULHERES SEM FRONTEIRAS Em defesa de ISRAEL--- WOMEN WITHOUT BORDERS In defense of Israel"


"A lot of things I wanna do, lotta things I wanna go into, photography, movie production n directing, I av a passion 4 them! And music(rapping)"




"Obsessively Excessive"
"I`m a writer/photographer for food, travel, business & alternative health."
"Hellooo!!! I`m Kristinaa and i`m from Viena/Austria,i`m 13 and i love my family and friends."
001011001111001100

"Streetlife und Streetstyle"


"The Person Behind The Rag"


"I couldn`t ask for anymore!!!"


"Follow me .. "
"R O C K!"
"Grateful to have financial liberty & time freedom through my VeMMA biz.  Helping others achieve their peace of mind, good health & abundance is exhilirating! "





"welcome to my world, it might get a little bumpy ♥"



"Nieman Adams"
"The details of my life are quite inconsequential... very well, where do I begin? My father was a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from Belgium....."

"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"


"I model. I make jewelery. I make clothing. I love me and I love you."

"Internet pioneer, Rising Media partner, eMetrics and SMX Toronto Conference Director, WAA and IIMA founding Director, mom, dog lover, philosopher and skier."








"meh, you tell me?"





alcohol<3


"Recently decided to get involved in politics as a concerned citizen.  Conservative.  Constitutionalist (is that a word?)."




"The networking business model has made millions, when the business model meet`s the right product thats when the magic happens. Silver and Gold. True wealth "


"Life is short but it`s the longest thing you`ll do so make the most of it..."








"Youth Pastor at Thompsonville Church of God"

"Working hard at making my businesses successful!"




"Língua/Language: Português/Portuguese"



"I like music a lot, i kike many different bands/artists from paramore to Ozzy osbourne and Marilyn Manson, to linkinpark"

"xbox 360 live gamer,vocalist/voice actor,guitarist/multi-intrumentalist,family man,chain smoker."


"New to Los Angeles. Makes shows, jokes, TV, music, and some damn fine stew. "
"彼のために私の秋 ----  将 「私の名前はｈｕｄａです」"
"My name is Whitney. I`m 16. I`m a junior. I enjoy hanging out with my friends and boyfriend. I love sports, movies and school activities. Lookin for friends. =]"
Cheers



"BS Nursing wonder. I`m prolly the most obsessed & high maintenace candycane you`ve ever meet. Kiss my skittles! •.•"

"Positively grateful for an ever abundant life!"
"Experienced senior professional in HR, OD & Change Management.  Currently Head of OD in one of the UK`s largest housing & social care organisations."




Winner!



"Server-Technology for a national / international network of physicians for healthcare-professionals and patients."


"I`m just me! Drunk but still me!"

"Hi.  It`s me. Kenny."


"an innocent in the Wild Wood."

"TEA The Entertainment Agency are a specialised design consultancy producing creative for the theatrical film, DVD and interactive games market."
"midwestern poet-gardener-mama-vegetarian charading as an advertising account gal. "


Busy!
"Financial Analyst who loves travel, meeting new people, food and drink, and sports! esp. Celts, Pats, and Red Sox!"


"I Hate To Fail more than I Want To Succeed"













"Searching for an internship in London (6 or 12 months) in marketing or strategy."
"Anek, Change, DJ Mime, Future Friends, Generik, Gordon Krum, Je`july, Left IN Company, Sobb Stigma, Tactik"

"Supermans offspring"
"College art bum, WoW enthusiast, cheery spender of money"



"Meee... well i`m a bookworm/ fashion designing student/ chatterbox nd looots of other things. follow me to find out.............."

花や植物が大好きです。





"Transformando emoções em idéias..."



"born in 1982, Bachelor in Business Administration working on the internet, addicted to beads and beading, cinema and movies, US-TV-series"



"Your average city girl."
"Skyzone Entertainment/New Business Dev,R&D Director/In search of beauty in everyday life/"





Food/Booze/Guitars



"Well, I`m a newly wed. I love my husbany. I have a great family and great friends. I am a registered nurse. I enjoy ortho nursing!"


"Husband. Dad. Geek! http://www.facebook.com/philipsowers"
"A 17 Year Old, Classically Trained Singer, Signed To JeetiProductions. Debut Single Releasing Early 2012"



"Not Raj`s Dad on The Big Bang Theory."








"I`m a real chill n laid back person til you fuc wit me! But it takes a lot for me to get violent! Cool person to hang n game wit! If you on CODMW2 on ps3 hmu!"
"Havaianas Flip Flops Sandals - Same Day shipping largest selection of Swarovski Havaianas in the world."



"Loving my Cubbies, RockNRoll Music and classic cars"
"Webredaktør, Oslo kommune, Bymiljøetaten"

"mcfc, ps3, music. those are a few of my favourite things."
"I love writing shit down.....:)"
"Me my Self"




"hey :)"
"Rip Quadri Cuz.... I am a Realest. Just call me E, Eric, or DeShawn it don`t matter"








"Every book is a children`s book, if the kid can read"

"SC State Bulldogs Fan"











"i need an editor."
"ferocious. man-beast."
"A smile with a girl attached to it :)"
"Ingeniero Mecanico "

"Mamma til fire og kjæreste til bare en eneste en. I tillegg definerer jeg meg som et tenkende menneske, godt over snittet iallfall."
"Blessed with the gift of truth and the sharp knife to write it with...."










"soon to be wife. 22. figuring out this concrete jungle. works @ CityTV"




"Happy, retired and love my family and friends"


"imma cheerleader i play flute and other variouse instruments and im fun :D"
"Actress / Disability Consultant. Left on the stairs in The Office. Currently working on Wheels of Fortune"


"User Experience Researcher and Designer based in Hamburg/Germany. For Workshops of  NetFlow - see www.uxworkshops.com"
"A brother, son, and life-loving man. Butler alum, honorary Hoosier and Wisconsinite at heart."








"Take your troubles solo."




"xbox 360 and girls. enough said."
"Venture Capital, AxVentures -Pymar Fund"
"we are a clothing store located in myrtle beach sc and peoria il. and we`re random!"



"Hi, my name is Nelson and I am interesting in new friends. Do you want to be my friend?"
"Man of Business and Leisure. NY Sports Fan. Dreamer. Doer."
"I am amazing!!!!!! hahahhahahahaha"









"I`m the President at Interactive Versa Inc. To learn more about my role and what I do visit my blog"


"User Experience Principal at The Washington Post Company"
"Enjoy music, photograph, travel.  "


日本語を勉強中アメリカの大学生。
"Well I`m 22, sexy and brilliant :D I love my life cause its only got amazing people in it :D"




"Hello My Name is James Mathews, I`m currently Studying Certificate IV in Information Technology Science in Programming at TafeSA in Adelaide South Australia"

"Ололо в летнем режиме."

"Founded in 2005 and formally established in 2007."



"I`m starting from zero"
"Waverley is a leading developer of web and mobile custom applications for enterprise customers."







"librarian with cats and everything, but not a spinster."

"Yo y mis circunstancias"
"I`m AnthonyJosephMurphy & I Design&Speak My Mind   Be Original!"




Zzz




"stick figure"


"The Best in The WEST! Not your typical girl next door, the girl up the block in yo hood... "
"i am a cool gurl to hang out with or talk to. i love o cuddle with both sexes and i love to listen to music."




"Wife, mother, nurse, novice writer."


"Corporate Communications Outsourcing - Marketing & Learning"





"easy come, easy go.. so focus on the difficulty! www.flickr.com/camilacais "






"Manejador y booking agent de varios artistas del genero urbano y tropical! Para mas info: masaudio.music@gmail.com"



"shoes lover.money maker.beach tripper"

"Painter`s Showcase, the online community dedicated to fine artists and art collectors worldwide. Art community, buy art, sell art, share. Simple & easy. "
"Rocket scientist and guitarist/lead vocals in Rumblestrip and Prime Suspects. From Whitley Bay and now Switzerland."




"Geocaching   Iphone   Sports   Soccer   Father and Familyman   Gadgets   Rijkswaterstaat   ICT   Outdoor   Parkstad   Kirchroa   Vasteloavend   Kaashater"





"BITCH IM PAID DATS ALL I GOTTA SAY BAMAZ BORN BAMAZ BREED"











HAPPY



"Normal, run of the mill kinda guy. 2 arm`s, 2 leg`s, a torso, a head! That normal kinda guy lol"

"Starving college student, thirst for technology. ...om nom nom nom."


"A Magic Carpet Ride"


"got days difference?"
"Event Manager National Corvette Museum"





"I`m an educated fool with money on my mind. I`ve got a ten in my hand, and gleam in my eye. (In a british accent)"






"Pure LOVE in my veins and all around!!! ; )"

"A hopeful pessimist."




"Solo Practitioner in Raleigh/Durham"
"♛Love-Peace-Pray & Smile♛"

"Official me"

"aficionado of all things nonprofit & arts. serial reader, amateur philosopher. "







"Hi. I`m Megan. Welcome to witty.com."



"Cancer and I have unfinished business"

"Hii :) 20 from Manchester. Cheryl Cole.. My Idol 3 I love Girls Aloud...  Music is my life 3 Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian!   Chelsea FC 3 "



"My name is Loretta, and im a pretty unpredictable character (:"
"Too much to tell"






"Wife, Kids, & Work; Thats my life"
"♫... Mas hoje eu só quero o horizonte e VOCÊ...♫"
"Iam just awoman"




"meditation teacher, retired psychotherapist, novelist, poet, contributor to health page of annarbor.com, redroom.com and Huffington Post Healthy Living"


"Cinematographer and Photographer"

"Half man, half amazing"

"No doy la garantìa de un FollowBack :)"


"Galaxy Defender♥ 28.5 :)  Lavigne 24/7 ♥  http://underneathmywings.tumblr.com/ "


" #Minas veste azul"
"I love Mathew Scott Spurlock"
"Massage Therapist"



"emma. 17. northern ireland. friends, drama, music 3"


"2 funky 4 a bad ass monkey...some might say :-D"








"im influenced by my highs and my lows. my mistakes and my successes. my loves and my rejections. and the time i take to live through them all"



"Solo tratando de vivir !!"

"THE NEXT BIG MUSIC AND SPORTS EXECUTIVE"




"Need a DJ? We are professional DJs  and are all over Pittsburgh and are ready for your party.For more information, please call me (Eric) at 412-417-3511.Thanks!"

"What do I do? I am an exit corporate strategist. Just have a look at my Link"
"How kewl i enjoy dancing playing my music loud but mostly talking dirty more info on my personal site"
"Uh, I`m 16, Live in Banbridge & Stuff.  I really don`t know what to right here..."


"Ou toca ou não toca..é simples assim!"

"I`m 15 and I like wolves and I enjoy reading. I like all kinds of music expect rap."

"John 3:16 :-)"
"Holler at me."


"long-term greedy"
"born this way"







"arcade gamer. art student and photographer, at your service. obsessed in perfume, gundam, and sitcoms in general."
"Dedicated to Serving Your Real Estate Needs"


"Red robot."
"Hippo`s Lovers ♥   I am me and will ALWAYS be ME! HAHAHA! ♥ "


"Omnipresent snack lord."





"I cut hair love my hubby & kids with all of me and love the shit out of NKOTB"





"Retired widower"

"Atlet Gatrik,Bintang iklan kaos kaki,wasit poli,guru jaipong"























"http://www.aaunties.com http://www.masscinema.com/"

"6teen; Name be Keara! 11th grd; SINGLE; "


"I`m a fun-loving, kind-hearted, die-hard runner =)"



"student, theology; work, flowershop; hope, Jesus  "
"Pam`s better half, Acolyte of Syrinx"


"Regular run of the mill geek"





Metal.

"Heyaaaa(: "









"I`m Army strong!!! Class of 2011"

"Florida Keys Rental Store is dedicated to creating the perfect Keys getaway for your ultimate Florida Keys vacation."
"oh my tongues the only muscle on my body that works harder than my heart."

"Impossible to live with,tough as old booths,opinionated,cranky,goodallround male to go fishing with, cheers"



baiiiiiiiiiik







"Weaving Education & Experience Together:  Janelle is an educator, author, coach & creator of “Racing to College Success” program preparing students for "







"Yippie-Ki-Yeah M*********** - Plasmah aka. Plazmah aka. ThePlasmah - EPIC!"





"A great Twitter based service"



"Im Nunaaaaaa W/ All The A`sButMyReportCardHasStr8F`s- #TeenAgeWaSteLand  #GovernmentHooker007 #HAUTECOUTURE #OFWGKTA http://www.eliesaab.com/ "




"short, sweet, and simple."




"Child of God...PERIOD!"




"48 Digtal Manager for BCX"




"Banten radio music director/ gooner / vegetarian"




"hay is for horses"




"PR pro, writer, crossfitter and fan of all things fun, literary and adventurous (except when it involves heights - that`s scary)."
"Gimme a taxi an il show ya a dance :D"
"Cassie; is a nerd. is obsessed with harry potter. loves her horse. watches the LOTR trilogy too much. loves her friends :)"





"If you are of the opinion that every page of your morning paper is filled with doom, destruction and downfall, well... we understand."

"Mom to 9yo girl, 5yo boy and sweet newborn, Manic Mommies fan, pharmacist, books"

トマト好き、ガンダム好きの普通のサラリーマンです。猫も飼ってます。
"Caminante errante y aprendiz de la vida.Estudiante de Derecho,locutora y futura Periodista.Amante de las letras,música,arte,cine,fotografía y la tecnología. "

"I’m: silly, clumsy, fun, forgetful, imaginative, creative, giggly, girly, naughty, in love, a day dreamer, a rocker, a librarian."



"Motociclista aventureiro, quase jornalista e web designer nas horas vagas!"
"ask for forgiveness, not permission."






"intimate chick who enjoys Amateur Radio"

"In Venere Veritas"
"enigma. "
"Outgoing as Outgoing Can Be,Plus You can also Find Me at www.facebook.com/robbie32672"











"Entrepreneur, Senior Partner of Wealth Management Group, Real Estate Developer, NonProfits Supporter and Volunteer.  Motto:  Find your passion and don`t give up"

"it is better to have wisdom & knowledge than silver and gold."












Man


"Academic and Political Scientist"




"Funk is it`s own reward! Køb mit album DEN ÆGTE her: http://joetrue.dk/shop.html"
"this time, baby, i`ll be bulletproof"
"Desert area Realtor and stereotypical Canadian when it comes to hockey!"


"i love red amma down to earth girl and i like ppl who are real!!!"


"Creative Media • ✝"


"Make $$$, go to school, ON MY GRIND!!! #TeamFollowBack #TeamSingle #TeamHeat #TeamSavage #TeamRatcheet #TeamLibra"
"Hailing from the sleepy West Texas town of Farwell, musician Charla Corn is on the ride of her life. She’s working on an album due for release early this year."
"Student/ Professional Procrastinator/ Web Designer/ Business Owner?"




"The typical gadget freak...... ;-)"


"Computer systems analyst is my day job."



"the anti-June Cleaver, improv artist & occasional stand up comedian, back from sabbatical to responsible adulthood"

"Drama queen of the south"

"Good things come in little packages ..."



"I love anime,art,fashion and music!"








"22, Canadian, UofO (Telfer) Int`l Business student, AIESECer.  President of AIESEC Canada`s National Team 2011-12."

"Happily married to Julia, in a rut at the moment jobwise"

"Se amanhã não for nada disso caberá só a mim esquecer..."






"getting married, gonna be an army wife soon "
"Nothing is forever, forever is a lie...All we have is whats between Hello & Goodbye"
"Não consigo me descrever, mas digo que não vou copiar frases bonitinhas da internet e colar aqui para dizer que sou de tal maneira. @Gih_BS Te amo muito !"


"Young, rich & flashy, I be where the ca$h be. #teambetterthanyou #teamnofeelings Love me or hate me, I`m still pretty (;"
"I am who I am and your approval is neither needed or wantedTražim svoje mesto u koordinatnom sistemu konfuzije. Follow me if u dare! ;)"









"HD videos utilizing professional talent and crew.Actors,Voiceover talent in Spanish and English."
"i`m a jailer"









"Jus tryna make it...our work here is never done so i guess that defines me....$$$$$"
"A graduate student in the philosophy department at Boston University suffering from a weakness for journalism and other childish things."



"We are a strategic marketing organization specializing in student lead generation programs."

"I love cheeses http://www.kaasblog.nl. Let us share know how and experience. Interested in New Media-opportunities,after 50 years in specialised retail."





"Located at the Meadowlands Sports Complex, Giants Stadium has been a staple of the sports world for 33 years."
"Pop Culture commentator and enthusiast.Also moonlights as a fashion blogger/writer/stylist."


"Parecchio SEO, un po` sommelier! Quindi Seommelier!!"



"Gay Buddhist professor of Japanese language and literature trying to make sense of and hopefully send some kindness to a complex world."
"Simple are my words  Complicated are my thoughts ==I`m INFAMOUS,So the less u kno...the better! "
"I`m entertainment editor and beer columnist for the Asheville Citizen-Times newspaper in Asheville N.C."


"Senior at Washington State University. Communication Major Sports Management Minor. Avid sports fan"







girl

"Print Traffic Coordinator at Luckie & Co. Advertising Agency and Hostess with the Mostess at Bottega"

"sou um cara legal q tem o interesse em encontrar novos amigos e kem sabe uma pessoa especial pra mim... msn:mv.gn@hotmail.com orkut:marcusgnogueira@ig.com.br"





"I Love 50s&60s music, Baseball, Football, alllll sports! A good sports bar with a cold Budweiser ;) Finishing college, then moving to Toronto!"






"@msualumchicago President. @ALABuzz Committee on Diversity & Inclusion Liaison. @mgrfteamm3 Mentor/Evangelist. @UP_Chicago Volunteer. Speaking only for myself."

"Studio Manager (sound engineer) for BBC Radio News: Radio 4, 5 Live, World Service. Sometimes in the studio, sometimes out and about. Views are my own."







喜愛一切幼崽的怪叔叔一枚




"Currently working with autistic kiddos and loving it, planning to get a grad degree in school psych asap. I like fun. And I hate character limitations. The end."
"i dance and stuff"







"i`m a webmaster in northeastern pa."

그냥그렇게살아온평범한20대청년






"Artful noticer & quirky hunter gather-er of cool resources/trends/thinking."

"I`m a photographer of peoples - fashion, portraits, or artistic photo sessions. "

"Welcome to the Canvas Lounge, a leading online retailer of limited edition contemporary canvas art.  Browse our online gallery for original paintings, posters "


"The names Josh and live in the lovely land of Wales!"







"Trabalho com Catering para Produções Cinematográficas. "




"im a studio and event photographer, video editor and a graphic artist. "



"Gordo, cagado y segun yo no tan feo. No me caen bien muchos, y a veces ni yo mismo. Huevon de nacimiento y hostil por eleccion. Es ahora cuando sales de aqui."
"I`m going to try to do as much as I can... and can as much as I do.... and that`s just how it is..."


"lustful girl who digs Modeling Ships"
ただの引きこもり

รักคุณหนูน้องออง
"Sound Design & Music by Michael Madill. Hire Madsound and make all your audio dreams come true. Play Awesome Saucer for iOS: http://awesomesaucer.com"
"Cant live without my games"

"Just an ordinary person. No frills and no fuzz. Loves photography, good food and the outdoors. And don`t forget the wine. ♥♥♥DRIFTING♥♥♥"
"Sou composta por urgências: minhas alegrias são intensas; minhas tristezas, absolutas. Me entupo de ausências, me esvazio de excessos..."


"Microsoft Services, Microsoft Corporation"


"Great deals and service on Guitars & Gear"


"shaun rogers 17 yrs old ride bmx love my girlfriend :)"


"I`ve got a head for business and a bod for sin."

"Olá Pessoal!!! Bem-Vindo!"




"I play alot of Freecell."

"Founder @SEERInteractive LOVE helping clients grow their biz LOVE building links LOVE helping others in the community LOVE my team LOVE my wife & dog"






"Recruiting/Sourcing Professional"

"(Equipe R-som ) festas eventos dj-som-luz-telão sp z/s     ......... TEL 6742-9875  5827-0360 "






"Eu Ana Paula...extremamente feliz..com amigos maravilhosos...familia linda...etc.."


"DerWesten Dortmund hat alle News aus Dortmund, Lünen, Unna, Kamen und Schwerte."

"Once upon time"
"Iniosante is a Video Production, Animation & Editing Company located between Austin & San Antonio. We shoot internationally, contact us for rates & kits."


"i have a brother named justin a sister named kay-tee and i am 17 my boyfreinds name is blake...anything you wanna know ask..."


"NodeBytes Blogging the latest Science, Technology, Open Source and Linux news from around the web."

"Really should know better."




"Sou conforme posso e o resto é vaidade."



"Livin` in Texas and lovin` it!"
"livin for tomorrow and not worryin bout today...for today shall soon be over"




"Random, meaningless tweeter x"


"Curious, random, dreamer....and now, Author ;-)"


"california born and raised"
"Bla bla bla bla... wtf? "
"Combatants for peace English channel"
LIVE.LOVE.LAUGH


"Anything is possible, be the source of creativity, be powerful, free and fully self expressed. Live life to the full and share as much as you can with others."





"Comprised of Alimah, Fairoza, Maharet, Raqia, and Zhia, we are a Middle Eastern dance troupe based in Southern Indiana."

"Volunteer scheduling for churches and non-profits"


"15 years   Single   freshmeen   Hmu `"



"im a super hero who doesnt age and can teleport. i love branson Missouri! i also love hockey and comic books!"

"Happy and responsible."

















"I can to fly."


"Semi-retired freelance communicator, always available for projects. Retirement hours are great but the pay is poor!"


xcx


"M.J.B.H - Contemporary Womenswear Designer & Stylist. Lover of Life & Adventure. Perfectionist & Foodie :) "


"Loves his wife! Spoils his cats. Likes rain, riding mud, skiing deep, good beer, great coffee and time spent with friends and family. Poutine is gods gift!"


"Love life with all ya got"
"I may not look like it, but I`m total computer nerd. :P"
"Master of all & jack of none...Pushing the boundaries...watching the best..."




"Pisces AB"

"Songwriter from Toronto, Ontario Canada"
"˙·٠•●♥ Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ ♥●•٠·˙                                             I fOllOw bak ;)... ♥ανєяα,тƴґαη&αuьяєƴ♥...My Life☺"
"free XXX"
"Hey :) The names Holly and Im pretty much amazing! Im very friendly and random. Ill most likley get along with you unless your trashy, then your dead to me."





"Don`t lumping yell at me!"











λέξειςέλξειςέξεις./

"Spend my work days as a Warden and my free time having fun with my Wii, computer and camera ."

"Working in Manufacturing line. In temple service."


"lover of the vine.  and all things shiny."
"Freelance Lighting Designer and video engineer.  Love my field and couldn`t ask for better friends!"




"http://br11.conquercancer.org.au/site/TR/Events/Brisbane2011?px=1010937&pg=personal&fr_id=1040 "

"Me encanta la naturaleza... amo la poesia... me encanta la musica... PLUS DE MUSIQUE!"

"General Practitioner in Cardiology Department"

"very unique and enjoyable..i could be ur best friend or ur worst enemy.. love to have fun..very honest...love me or hate me!!!!"
"Description of Organization: Vector is an international direct sales company that markets Cutco Cutlery, a high quality line of kitchen and household products"



"me, myself and my photocamera"







"103.5 BOB FM Austin (KBPA)  - TJockey Demo"


"Music Industry. The Artery Foundation. Manager of http://www.facebook.com/legacyoh I Love Everything. Get at me!"

"My Name Royale` IDGAF Kinda Attitude : ) Im Complicated ... So Dont Judqe Me !"




chill

"High School Athletic Director"


"CGH: http://www.linkedin.com/in/maxroza Photographica: http://www.maxroza.com"


"zumba instructor in vancouver. emergency nurse. salsa/bachata dancer. spontaneous flashpacker. scuba diver. bungee jumper. sky diver. ex-marathon runner. "
"I`m a ghost of sorts.. hmm, but I still manage to have fun, even when Seto isn`t around! "













"I`m the reality of your dreams. Deal with it bitch."
Eccentric.
"Intégrateur et Web développeur au sein de l`entreprise Shining Karma."

"NOT NARCISSISTIC AT ALL! BUT NO REALLY, IM AWESOME."





"Experienced, Persistent, Enthusiastic Sales & Marketing Pro and Fitness enthusiast"





Commerce/Law.Student Violinist Android.ftw Zadax.SC2!


"I want to practice using English online. I will happy to meet non-native English speakers from Twitter. I`d like to share my knowledge about korean culture."
"I`m a republican and i`ve discovered cold fusion and i kill prairie dogs"

"I don`t ask for a lot, just trust me, respect me, and love me. ΔltLαdies 2Ø14"
"G105 The Hit Music Channel - Home to Bob and the Showgram, weekdays from 6-10am. Visit us online at G105.com, text 61503 to join Gmobile or fan us on facebook!"

"representing G2!!!"
"Im a 24 year old with my mind set to make it in life. I have plans not dreams PLANS to make it big and take care of my loving family. "
tataaa...


"Infos vom Handel- & Gewerbeverein Tübingen"
"Just a person enjoying and learning about life ..."


"I have no idea what to put here. I promise I shall fix this one day xD"


"I love the truth"

"Trus Cassies show love n not hate. Cassies forgive n do nt point fingers,Cassies always stand by the boys, because love never changes..."
"im 20 have a b-u-t-e full baby girl and couldnt ask for more"

"Single, 50 yrs old , loveing life"


"Business Owner, Track and Field coach, Dad and Runner ! "






"you can find me somewhere...down there...haha"

"SELENATOR, LOVATIC, POTTERHEAD, NARNIAN, and many more!!. :D @selenagomez followed me on November 23,2010! ♥"



"just ordinary girl :)"
"Stay at home mom, one more bakin` in the oven - comin` in October, love to bake, craft, watch 24"
"- I am what I am..  - do you even know who you are ?  - No, I don`t think so, you`re right... (yeah not alone in my head XD) DEMENTED GIRL !!!"


"Steve Jobs! Talking about innovativity of the highest kind. An advocate of life long Learning to, just lock iPad/iPhone with learning, u will see the future! "


"Mathematician, Actuary, recently came back to his native Colombia after 3 and a half years In France"




"I’m a half animal and half dream."

"Stefani Antiques offer a wide variety of antiques suited for today`s modern living"
"N.F.V.A.S "








"married  and three girls, we love camping and to bike. and if we ever do again drag race."
"intern at @unit9"

Cheguei!



"I am building wealth online, and guiding others to so the same!"



"Cape Girardeau`s true alternative radio station! Rage 103.7."

"Your looking at a college girl! :)"


"Idler litt nu. brb.."
"I am Music. I am hip-hop. I am JMAN. Get at me!"
"i like cheeeekbones :D"

"always listening, always understanding   ...its a handshake from a distance, a simple gesture called smile   now I`m thinking, love is my AVA no# "

"THE ORIGINAL :)"






"ksu. PNM. Excited to get my college life started. Love LP, makeup, clothes, my blog, & my girls."
"I`m living in Thornton "
"The Cincinnati Live Nation office has booking and/or lease agreements with Riverbend Music Center, PNC Pavilion, Bogarts, The Louisville Palace Theatre & more!"



"All It Takes"

"An Armenian Gurl. Who also happens to be an amazing hairstylist!!"


"I am a single mother who has a handsome 9-year-old. I like to have fun and will try almost anything once...almost."


"Producer, DJ, EMC.... I make anything, I don`t fit in boxes; Beats, Club Tracks, Slow Jams"



"Screen Writer.Novelist. Poet.Director.Ambitious.Creative.Lover.Free Thinker.  #teamfollowback #teamiphone #teammusichead  "


"Pet Photographer, substitute teacher, writer [at times], atheist [strong], veteran 132 IQ. Are you smarter then me?  real IQ  "












"With more than ten years of experience in the medical uniforms market, American Global Uniforms is a brand with total US manufacture."

"named jeannie. blow candles every 8 of may. i`m a photoholic,love editing pict,drawing & reading.  "










"Love the USA, and love being in tv films and commericals... luv fashion."



"Hello, I`m Victoria Knowles  I just love being my own boss working from the comforts of my own home selling Avon on line. You can too.Contact me today.  "

"Social networking to a higher level of consciousness."






"don`t mind me if I say sum crazy sh!t... I be high.."
"Jus Knw iM Lala...,Crazy ,Goofy,SMART,&`d Conceited (Dnt Lyk iT To Bad)Byyeeee..."










"Imperfect in many ways."

Publicista


"I`m really into pigeon racing"




"heey, you saw me that this raises the ass of u i shot"






"no fate but what we make ... or buy at the store if we don`t have time to make it ourselves."












"We haven`t officially met...I`m Matt"

"go on you tube.. beka and char drunk"

"#iHp....North Georgia College PG.... Not too many can say they build a DYNASTY! Eat, Sleep, Basketball....Repeat....Become Legendary!  "


"I`m Jon and 160 characters is to little to describe any human being.... ray ray was here:DDDDDDDDDD"



"im just a random  hey cheese mmmmmm"


"A.C.Enfermagem "


"Recent MBA graduate, chai tea entrepreneur, trying to protect the environment and all round good guy."


"I like to think that I was created for a special purpose.You can leave with me or you could have the blues,some call it arrogant, I call it confident! "

"Relógios e Monitores Cardíacos"



"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"


"A fan for Finnish soccer."



"Fashion Design Student"

"Hey man what the hell is a Damo Wheelhouse?!!!!  From Darlington UK, Loves all sports especially football, massive man utd fan. Nice Like"
"Snart studerer jeg manus på filmskolen. Film, film, litteratur, film og film. Og foto."






"Creative marketing and advertising, promotions and referral services. In addition we`re also Singer/Songwriters "







"Pikiran seperti rumah. Ia ditata sendiri oleh pemiliknya. Jika hidup seseorang dingin dan hampa, ia tidak bisa menyalahkan siapapun kecuali dirinya sendiri"

"Olá, eu sou O Iguana, o Rei da Papada. Por aqui transmitirei minhas sabedorias e experiências de vida em torno da serra e do pasto."

"Seeking ten acres surrounded by an electric fence."


"Software developer for British Cycling"


"HR B2B Chief Marketplace Evangelist @ HRm   #TChat Co-leader   EQ Proponent   Marcom HRsay: http://bit.ly/eLKH1m   Fatherhood/DV awareness: http://bit.ly/a2hTHG"



"New media publicist and reputation manager. May accept cookies and baked goods in return for services."
"Im from Texas. Im a college student. Jesus saved my life. Music makes my day better."

"love - sunset, ocean, organic, farming, camera, temple, painting, pink, traveling, learning, yoga ♡   「粋」にゆきたい"









"...a child of GOD, a WOMAN.. a DAUGHTER.. a SISTER, a FRIEND, a LOVER.. a woman who knows what she WANTS and WHERE I want to be in life.  LOVE, LIVE, LIFE ♥"







"Son, brother, lover of anything with Bacon"










student..motorvehicles...aviation....


"Radio guy, Club DJ"

"Caring, sharing, and laughing!"




"We`re a riding stables. In the show we`re in Australia, but in real life we`re in America."

"MD Microsoft UK Consumer & Online, previously CEO Kangaroo, and before that board director BBC for 8 years, New Media & Technology"









"I`m a very shy and very private person who loves very beautiful music. "
"Married, 1 kid, 3 cats"

"Web Developer "






"21 "




"London expats in Amsterdam, as tweeted by Milly. Wining, Dining, Media and Culture = good. Trying to learn Dutch = bad."








円空に癒されます

"Sound engineer. Hobbies: crazy literature, avantgarde music, underground cinema"



"Philologist. Sysadmin. Programmer. Machead."


"Esta conta será desativada e incorporada pelo @educaredebrasil em breve. Siga desde já @educaredebrasil e envie mensagem sou #minhaterra do @educaredebrasil."

"i am looking for doris"
"enjoying my life w/my love jen..she everything 2 me...i love you baby!!!"

"Uniting Jewish Communities"

"Comics blogger, also a member of the Comic Buyers` Guide reviewing team, journalist, film fan, theatre nut, cat babysitter and lover of all things Law & Order."



ドールもの＆PBMものです。
"Gay, Texas Tech student!"






"I am a project supervisor for a Healthcare company in Tennessee.  Born, raised, and educated in the south.  Mother of two wonderful kids!!"


"Cube monkey with an air gun. Now with office."



"Pastor, reader & thinker, spiritual formation guy at Parkview Christian Church. Husband, father, and disciple of Jesus."





"I`m here for the free food."
"Marketing Deportivo y Eventos"
"UMHB Crusader"

"Humano, no troll. Consultor, blogger, ciclista, caminante andando por las calles de la comunicación corporativa, comunicación online y la RSE"


"Short but not so sweet"


"Roller coaster and severe weather enthusiast who just relocated to Norman, OK to study meteorology at OU."





"Morte nihil certius est, nihil vero incerta quam ejus hora."









"pocket full o` sunshine."
"livin easy "

"Music,music and music. Ohh did i say music? :) "










"IT Security-geek, animal loving, happy girl"

"SOMOS UNA EMPRESA LA CUAL FABRICA PIEDRAS DE MURANO."

"Hardcore Lyricist who will stop at nothing 2 b heard .Take pride in my work otherwise its just a plaster of words n beats"









"Tengo 23 años me gustan las hamburguesas ,  nadar, Soy contador publico y viverista forestal, me gusta oír música las películas de terror y las de ficción"
"I am a cool cat. I love mischa goodwin and The Flame is a sex kitten. I am a german asain. That is pretty much my life story."






"I`m still fly, I`m sky high."

"County gurl in a weird world"
"Always searching,  doesn`t mean your lost"









" life is suppose to be easy once the kids were grown and out of the house. Now moving to next chapter of finding new significant other in my life all good."
人生如梦
"LinkedIn Group Dedicated to opening up opportunities between members"
"Editor in Chief, The Kind Edit"







"Liam James Bushby. 18. Liverpool FC (L)"








"Whats goody good"


"Retired from Federal Science"
live.love.LAUGH
"Software engineer.  Amateur classical musician."







"Abogada, periodista, blogger. "

Christian


"Bassist/Live Permormer in San Antonio, Sound Engineer at BPLSV, Original music lover"










"Competitive Wisconsin, Inc. is a non-partisan consortium of agriculture,  business, education and labor leaders focused on growing WI`s economy"




















hey!
"Diferente do seu mundo estagnado, fraco, pau mandado eu mantenho minha vida com varias mulher ao lado."
"Le compte Twitter OFFICIEL de NICKELODEON France !"




"diggy simmons."
"巷では苦労していない人と呼ばれている、モータースポーツが大好きなオヤジです。 何にでもフリースタイルで挑みます。 大概の事は、飲んだら治ります。"





"It`s me! "

















"You have to learn from the mistakes of others. You won`t live long enough to make them all yourself. – Hyman G. Rickover"
"music, photography, arts, movies, comedy, tv, life, random. a common oddity"



"Eater, cook, photographer, blogger, reporter, writer and editor, not necessarily in that order"
"psychologist and mummy"

"electronic producer/beatmaker/musician rockin` the space since 1982. www.wermonster.com"

"Simplesmente EU"
"   "




"Bióloga, amo a vida, amo dar risada e amo as pessoas que convivem comigo."
"I am The Shit Yo"
"I`m just a girl who`s been lied to way to many times, who`s just trying to find the right guy. I`m the girl living life without you. (:"

"The Bus Driver"
"Jesus´s follower"





"Shoes and handbags - what more could a girl want????? "


"i love sex if you love sex also contact me at ericnorman1987@hotmail.com"




"Never say Never and enjoy everyday starting with your first sip of COFFEE!!!!"


"media and espresso the perfect combo"




"Better with time, like fine wine."
"Marieke & Roos"
"Seattle Photographer specializing in creative and unique portraits of babies, children, families and twins. "
"Devout Christian, Father of Three Beutiful Girls, Devoted Husband, Disiplined Entrepreneur, Mentor, Best Friend, "

"Owner of Beau Group Marketing & Communications"
"greek goddish, part freelance & street photographer, part gypsy soul. people & jet fuel addict. lover of yoga, summer, style, & all things interesting."

"If you want to get your foot in the door to trading, I`m your doorknob."
"They call me Shalon or Lonni or sometimes Shalonni."

"Sou Corinthiano..Também sou brasileiro, eng. quimico (USP) e moro no Chile desde 1994. A pior coisa de morar fora do Brasil?? Nao posso ver o Timao ao vivo. "




"I only follow right wingers like palin because i like to see how stupid they act"

"Prefiro não me descrever :m   follow me?"
"Im a Creative Director for Commercials, Television & Music #http://rawli.com"























"creator of plays, collaborations and trouble...for more than 20 years"







"workout, dance, love crafts, just had a baby 9 months ago, stay at home mom, love to cook, spent 10 yrs modeling now i`m trying to be normal"

"I`m a hard working lady from NC. I enjoy spending time with my lil man Kam and going out with my girlfriends having a drink or 2... maybe 3. "




"Hey... What´s up?"



"I`ve just graduated from Harvard College Yale. I aced every semester, and I got an `A`."


"Search for the truth out there"





"a meditation practioner "



Uncensored.!







"Im Alexis nd Im a very down to earth person... I love to dress up n be seen... I love my life nd the ppl n it... I just love me.... WHO WOULDNT??"
"Im human"

"Aún no vivo tanto como para llenar esto con 160 caracteres. "
"Estudante de leis, estagiária interneteira, pensadora de janela de ônibus e baladeira afastada. Também teimosa, debochada e impaciente."



"Good to the last Groove."

"Lighting Artist/Geek/MetalHead"

"Hey it`s that unknown asian kid on youtube :D"
"Our library is in a town with a population of 810. We are a farming community. I have worked at the library for 15 years. "

"Portland State University Graduate From Rhode Island"




"I`m still an optimist. I still believe in true love and magic and soul mates. Oh and I`m addicted to words and they`re useless. "







"I`m a 18 year-old girl.. I considerer myself a hardworking and sincere girl!"
"I am married with 2 kids.Live life one day at a time and enjoy it to the fullest, you only get one chance, there are no reruns......"







"Mr. Positivity from down south..BANG!"
"Camera Bar, Lounge and Screening Gallery"

"Work like you don`t need the money, Love like you`ve never been hurt and Dance like no one is watching. "










"Reliability Is Natural For Us, Our Products Natural For You!"





"Blog universitário que traz os mais variados temas em suas notas."


"Advogada Trabalhista, mãe de uma linda menina, casada, filha de pais maravilhosos e comprometida com a vida."



"vegan. feminist. insolent."
"... I still don`t quite know the purpose of twitter "








"Meniina de porcelana, boneca real! ;D"

"We create art for children`s rooms and we love our 3 house bunnies."





"The Window Genie Corporate Twitter Page"
"STUNNA LIQUEUR is the worlds first to blend a exotic combination of vodka,rum & tequila with a melon citrus flavor.. It`s not just a drink its a lifestyle"
"Cris Wagner mostra novidades e dicas de beleza especialmente para as mulheres que amam maquiagem, cosméticos e perfumaria "


"i am "


"We are all just one small adjustment away from making our lives work."
"É TRICOLOOORRRR!!!"
"I run."
miracle



www.faclubetaniaoliveira.zip.net
"19 , from Uruguay now living in Chile. love sushi. r&b ,hip-hop , rap and indie music."


"Love Sunday mornings,christian metal songs,metal guitar leads,blast beats,bamboo furniture,rain,playing drums & guitars ,bible verses that hit me hard"



"광고홍보동네/커뮤니케이션돋네 PD형개그지향/언어유희즐김"
"Updates On Modelling Gigs in Dallas and Also Port shoots"







"I`m a nerd end of story"






"What can I say, hum, I love video games, A LOT. Oh and huh .. « Dont fuck with me. Thanks» --- Official Girlfriend of Ellis and .. Zoey :3 ---"

"I don`t know what I`m doing."






"Marketing Consultant"




"Yhu Picc Her Rose I Picc Sum Flower`s Nd Give Ha Dose . . . #Free DRE #YBS ^ #TEAMSINGLE "


"20, Mancunian, IR and History at The London School of Economics.. MUFC."


"CURRICULUM DEVELOPER WORKSHOP LEADER "

"Follow this account for geo-targeted Cosmetology/Hairstylist job tweets in Huntsville, AL from TweetMyJOBS.com"



"Go Obama!!!"

"music lover, party lover!... Follow me!.. I`m all you ever wanted!"


"Jason.(Athlete,Scholar,Comedian) Lol I love to laugh,but i also love the more serious side of life love,death,and politics! Whateva Floats Ya` Boat.  "

"Real Estate Investor"



"The perfect venue in the Med..."
"All that`s happening InPhotography"



"Mid-Michigan Natural (available) Light Photographer, specializing in Child, Family, Newborn, and Senior Photography."



"I Am Not My Tits!"
"eeyore lover"








"Internacionalista, Prof. Universitaria, estudiante y estudiada, Asistente de investigación."




"Trying to change the world for the better one small step at a time!"





"Cultural Anthropologist and Nurturer to some awesome `kids`!"


"love clubbin and relaxin. uni student! love reading!"



"i love @NICKI MINAJ i love everything about her her music her life style everything plz follow me"



"one who`s willful, realistic yet cool-headed, knows what she wants in life and is determined to get them come hell or high water ;D "
"Connecticut + Massachusetts Dog Photography. Dogs Rule. "
"Ama livros, corinthiana de coração, é apaixonada pelo Harry Potter, viciada em filmes, gosta de andar e de dormir com barulho de relógio. "

"POCKETS ON CHEESE CAKE GIRL YOU GOTTA DIG IT!!"
"the Terrace Tweeter keeping you informed"
"Outdoor Lighting Perspectives of San Antonio, LLC"



















"music and beer"
"pasajera • arcano xi • rooibos & indian chai • emil nolde •  arcilla • silencio."




"Writer, Performer, Enthusiast"





"Senior Pastor of RIver Of Life Worship Center in Port Vincent, Louisiana.  I enjoy serving the Lord and riding my motorcycle."







"moody existentialist, gay!"
"Scottish/Irish. Vegetarian.  Pale but not a Goth."



"mummy of 2 , undiscovered comedian, mediator , Manchester lass , Corrie lover, book reader and soon to be wife !!!!   "


"Wiljo Financieel Adviesbureau"
"from bellevue ne of the philip henry harnden clan"





"Franklin High Rutgers Glee Club 1977 -1979 Montclair Univ 1980 - ? Crum & Forster Commercial Life/UNUM ADP "
"Geek. Father. Gamer. Product Lead for Kasabi"

"my father is the inventor of paletas panchos, and i don`t think he will be too pleased to hear about this.  "

"I don`t turn heads, I break necks!!!"












"I am a fun-loving girl who knows her core values, but knows how to have fun at the same time.. I have a wonderful fiance and beautiful daughter named Savannah."


"Designer / Photographer / Nerd"
"Cultura Alternativa del Fútbol. Mística Verdiblanca en la Red. Hinchas del Deportivo Cali en todo el mundo."



female


"Coldwell Banker San Diego Technology Trainer"




"Grupo de Samba criado em 2008 por 8 Amigos ! "













"34 have 2 kids jessica jonathan and a beautiful wife zondra"



"20-something freelance editor, scentsy consultant and mba student dedicated to hard work and boosting editorial knowledge with @ctstarr83! ♡"
"Headhunter in Energy & Sustainability and Outsourcing industries. Career coach developing skills for accelerated job-search or career transition."



"Med stakes poker player, 3 kids, wife and own business, love mma , Ufc and gambling, played poker for 9 years now."
"Grassroots family led and driven disability rights organization for all persons with disabilities"


"Topix Sports"


"Husband, Father of three beautiful red headed girls and lovin livin this thing called life in Christ with others!"



"i`d tap that"
"Living life fun & fabulous! "
"Husband of a midwest hotwife."



"A luz que me guia é muito mais forte que os olhos que me cercam... Vivendo uma promessa de Deus!!!"





"happy,happy"
"` Nunca fui boa publicitáriia, mas sou OTEMA politica. Me sigam que prometo que vocs ganharão 500 seguidores de volta. Não sei da onde sairão, mas vai acontecer"












"interested in linux, forex, and other things with X`s"
"i`m me!!"
"We need sound credit underwriting ALL the time.  Fighting the good fight to recover from the GOP calamity of free enterprise and deregulation at all cost."






"Fitness instructor and journalist"

"シェアハウス作りたい人。シェアハウス住人。Web系SE。 興味：政治、哲学、地政学、都市計画、投資、経済物理学、行動分析学、宇宙、認知心理学、精神医学、議論、筋肉、栄養、料理、ヒストリエ、人狼BBS"
"Not enough space to tell it all"






"Издание за мениджмънт, бизнес и развитие"

"Travel/Lifestyle PR Pro, updates on travel, food, wine, art and architecture."












"vocal artist"

"Open Source Coder, Geek, Otaku, Fighting Game Lover, Playstation Family Lover and... Gamer /o/"

"I ain`t game to play with you, are you gonna follow through? "


citychicky







"i LOVE long walks on short beaches"


"hyper.enthusiastic/happy/semi-depressed usually/always bored! i like listening to music LOUDLY, reading, writing, & hanging w/ friends ^_^"







"Future Fiction Writer; Lover of all things Art, Emotion, Figure Skating, Chocolate... :)"

"Husband, Father of 4, Grandfather, Bball Player, Mountain Biker, Utes Fan, Jazz Fan--weird...it sounds like my Funural?!?"




"I am independent,loving and caring but also short tempered, impatient and have zero tolerance for b.s "
"CORINTHIANS DESDE CRIANCINHA"






"Psychology student at Staffs Uni. Has too many blonde moments to mention!!!"








"your mom"








"Astute Chartered Accountant ACA,ACCA ,an entrepreneur,a manager of men,machine and resources seeking dynamic and unique way of delivering results"






"E-learning co-ordinator at Domremy College, Five Dock, Sydney, Australia. "
"Aku ada menjual novel-novel terpakai di http://buku-syazni.blogspot.com"








"snow, mountains and the Board, that´s all i need and want *g*"










"I am a design engineer making composite downhole tools for the oilfield industry."

"web designer motion designer and composer"


"Artists/Members of the Women`s Caucus for Art San Diego want to connect with you! "

"Student at Arizona Christian University and Paradise Valley CC. I love golf. I place God at the center of my life and try to glorify Him in all I do."


"I`m your secret admirer. I sing a song while you`re asleep. I`m a performer in Non existing movies. I`m a becoming artist, a lover, a girl, a woman. "




"LoVeN LiFe!!!!!!!"
"parties rain shoes"


" LessLove MoreSex NoCalls JustText NewBitch NoEx iMack NoStress BBM:31653856  #JAPAN^ #PBE^ #FYTB O.O.E :)"

"undefinable multifaceted  :] "





"love life"



"An IT Product Design Bachelor (going cand.), who is keen on Golf, Android and everything Hi-Tech"


"Labor and entertainment lawyer"
"Christ follower, husband, youth director, Sports fan:cubs, bears, bulls, blackhawks"
"confused abt the authenticity of life.........."



"Tweeting jobs from all over LA."

"Mommy, Daughter, Sister, Entrepreneur & Much More!!    Loving this Life I`m Living!!! ~All Smiles~   =)"








"não alfabetizada, dsclp /isso na minha foto não é careta não viu, é minha cara normal. obg pela atenção bj"






"9th Grade Principal @ BGHS, Co-Founder of TeachMeetKY, Co-Organizer of TMNashville, husband 2 Liz, father 2 Gavin & Gwen, Follower of Jesus & avid outdoorsman"














"Recording Studio"
"The Biggest Fan of Life and the next Sports Broadcaster or Entertainment Reporter!!! Metal Mulisha troop 4 life!"


"Its Fun"

"i am a servant of Christ and i love Him with all my heart!"
"i am me...."





"Used to be Webdev, Now a System Programmer. Doing algorithm research, learning Japanese. Linux / C / Python / Storage / NLP / Datamining ..."


http://notyouraveragechick11.tumblr.com/

:)
"Film blogger for Spout.com and nothingbutthedoc.wordpress.com"

"Drinker of coffee, enthusiast of conversation, reader of books and blogs, occasional ranter, wife/mom/etc."







"Lluitador pels drets dels treballadors y d`una veritable democràcia. Luchador por los derechos de los trabajadores y de una verdadera democracia"












"yadidaaaaaafeeelme. "

"You can call me Justin, The Creator."



"Sou apenas um idiota de bom caráter."
"Hip-Hop/Avant Garde Artist. Producer. Visual Artist. Graphic Designer. Model. Little Mons†er."




"I`ll probably just use this space to publish a list of the curse words I know."


"we arent below the influence hell were not even above, sweetheart we are the influence ~"
















"missing michael...yesterday, today, and forevermore - 06/25/09 the day the music died"





"Life, Love, God, and Music in central CT"





"Single Dad, Metal, Tattoos, Entrepreneur, Always Wanting More ..."
"Consultor Jurídico"
















"Sushi, tea, frozen yogurt and books."
"The latest articles and blogs published by Social Europe Journal"
















"Senior Soluiton Architect Enteprise Mobility & Netweaver at SAP: Covering Sybase platforms and Mobilizing the Enteprise with Apps. Also a dad and roadwarrior. "
"OU Alum, Oil & Gas Marketer "
"i`m extraordinary peop,,,,,!"



"I`m Nate. I`m finishing up school thats about it."



"pencombe, what a crappy place, QE Bromyard:) Life is a bit of bitch sometimes"














"making things pretty since 1977. I like my girlfriend, chinese food and things that were once considered nerdy when nerdy wasn`t ironically cool."
"I am a photographer with an eye..."






"CEO of Cerebral Music Management...  STR8 HEADIN TO THE TOP!! Check out da Team I.S.O...."







"I`m a Christian and an artist.  My family rocks!  I love you all!  "









"Married w/ Children...."
"All day Chicago Cubs feed from RootZoo Sports.  News, rumors, and other analysis."


"I love living the dream - my dream!"





"Originally from Brittain. In Las Vegas as a dancer"


"Mid-Michigan`s Biggest & Best Art and Craft Show Promotions. "

"wat u wonna kno?"






"MuRdEr EiGhT ; (OnE FoRe ThE FuN."







"web design, production, programming, hosting, and internet marketing company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin"

"I love socially responsible business and marketing."







"you jus do you and imma do me"


"full time student, part time gamer, all around person- thing..."



"VP Associate Recruitment and Inclusion & Diversity @ JCPenney, a recovering Engineer & Communicator for TI, wife, 2 teenagers, a lifetime member Girl Scouts"

"He was a robot sent to protect her. She was a jar of olives. There was some kind of technical glitch in the time traveling process."



"GO BIG OR GO HOME"





"communications strategist + writer, sleep-deprived mom, pop culture aficionado, avid reader, film geek, chocolate lover."


"searching job, bought a house, loving so much..."








" Ha tres coisas na vida que nao voltam atras,A flecha lançada a palavra pronunciada ea chance perdida"

"rappa lookin for a break"
"your idol :) -beauty & brains.Enrolled, employed,liscenced & happily taken√ -  @polo_v  •the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do ♥"



"I thought I knew what I know, but now I`m not too sure ?"

"The Center for Contemporary Dance: Inspiring social change through contemporary perspectives in dance."

"A fresh view on democracy... Twitter page for the Green Party of Canada and the Green Party of Ontario in Barrie. Maintained by @ap236"

"if only life was that little fairy tale"


"A loving mother of two who loves to work but is not at the moment.Family first i guess. "




"Dad, Methodist, trustbuster"
"Você que navegou no www.portalinternacionaldabeleza.com e gostaria de anunciar entre em contato conosco e conheça os benefícios do nosso portal."

"Real estate broker, PLU proud, likes baseball, Texas Hold `Em, loves to cook, proud husband and dad, GOP-leaning"



"My name is Amanda, I hate Anime and Jellybeans. I can touch my tounge to my nose and i like hugs. I am healthy and i love nature. I have many friends."














"looking 4 my queen"
























"Dark, Pagan, Avon Rep, Happily married, Proud Mother,Metal Head, Scifi geek, Gamer,Loyal friend, Animal Lover...."

"A smoker,,a joker and a midnite toker.."















"Integrated marketing, entertainment, content & Karate guy."

"Caches Publicadas no Porto"
"MLS graduate w/an Archives specialization"

"In Cartoons, If A Bird Marries A Fish, Where Would They Live?? (When You Have The Answer Get Back To Me. =) x)"
"Building the next generation of alarm monitoring products"

"Full of ♥ and expect to be treated with ♥...                       ☑Virgo~Babyy!"
"Love my family cooking creative unique photography designing renovating painting music and so much more "




"i am jo thank you."


"I`m a biotechnology student."
"Hopeful in dis Heartless world... dancing underneath the skies of lust!!!!"
"I`m alive.. and thats usually enough :) "

"My current Mantra: I am not an accident but a DIVINE CHOICE!"




"moeder van 2 pubers, vriendin, informatie specialist universiteit twente, met moestuin en keuken"

"You get more with sugar than with salt and vinegar..."












"I`m only here because of 1) my husband, @allroundniceguy, and 2) so I can respond to twtvites."

"Blogger Account Executive for ShopAtHome.com - I tweet under @VIB_ShopAtHome.com -- My side biz is @OHsocial -- #SoLoMo is my passion."





"Chief Scientist, Express Scripts and ex Disneyland Jungle Cruise skipper"
"Bleed Black & Gold for my Steelers (Homeboy Heath Miller) and Petty blue for the Kings men."
"The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for"





"I love CSI, Johnny Depp´s movies and Astronomy."





"We work hard to craft quality garments for you to throw up and bleed on. "


"( ‾_‾ ) "



"My faves, James Otto & Chris Young!  Romance books,Country music, computers & playing the trumpet"


Lege



"Social Media & People Specialist @ Google, CEO of @ScubaDiverLife, VP of @ThinkLove, Master of Digital Media (Degree), Scuba Diver, Photographer, Universalist."



"Simple achiever!!"


"TLMDNET/NBCU `Boricua aunque naciera en la luna`; love musicals, imagination, shoes, TV, seahorses, novelas, my kindle, chocolate...and my family most of all."





"Free thinker, Impulsive eater, Wealth Seeker"
"el Libro de mi Vida apenas se Comienza a escribir..."







"I`m a crewleader for the CCHS Restoration Crew, working with OYCC. This job is the sole reason I created this account; to update and recieve updates."













"Helping students find Life in godly relationships, establish Depth in God`s Word, and to take Action by serving others."
"It`s Nizzy! Reverbnation:  http://soc.li/wk2OiZN Album Link:  http://lnk.ms/1ZCCG "

"born and raised in a summer haze. http://bitcheswannaplay.tumblr.com/"


"ENG Prof"
"Internet Marketing, Network marketing"









"Discount, premium and price comparison shopping."



"25, married, english teacher, awesome :)"




"I enjoy music, comedy and hanging out with my two daughters. I will be a first year teacher and I am really looking forward to it. "









"Gas Bicycle Motor Kit, Bike & Part Superstore!"
"Do you have insurance questions or questions about Progressive? We’re here to help! Drop us a Tweet: 7am - 12am EST"




"Automotive Recruitment Franchise Business owner, motorcycle race fan, and serious autophile."
"in search of truth about Life Nature God"


"Let me define the Gemini... Spontaneous, Energetic, Ambitious, always the life and centre of attraction at any gathering.. I just love to enjoy life."


"The Global Sports Stock Exchange"


39

"Just another porn addict."



"Dolce far niente. "
"Your friendly neighbourhood cynic."





"Amateur haberdasher."
"-   19 year old producer in tech-trance.  -   Proud markus schulz follower -   Love vodka -   In love with kelly horst"




"Chef/Owner Bryan`s Black Mountain Barbecue"
"há noites que não posso dormir de remorso de tudo que DEIXEI de cometer!!"
"Cork Dork with a Knife & Fork"

"Living the good life in Romania"

"Go ahead and follow me"
"Parenting with ease and joy, using the Law of Attraction. Come by my blog to get ideas and tips!"
"‎If you stand for nothing, you fall for anything."

"I`m really fun and outgoing. i love justin bieber. i will never forget the concert i went to. any more info just ask. :)"
"M@ 13!LL"






"Just keeping it real"
"diamond "



"13 oktober 1994 • I`m part of @SmadaMakassar ²º¹² and  I`m owned by @Yasrulbasir♡.  MICKEY&MINNIE MOUSE ☺ "



激しい喜びはいらない……その代わり深い絶望もない。植物のように生きることこそ私の目標だったのに……





"Change you can believe in?"


2010年から稚内北星学園大学で図書館情報学系授業で講師をしています。でも、現在も杉本研（筑波大）にも所属しているつもり。専門はディジタルアーカイブ、Webアーカイブ等です。某科研がついたので、稚内の地域映像資料のデジタル化を始めます。



"MUSIC GOT YOU MOVIN"



" ♚★ ★~BLACK KINGS~★ ★♚ "


"my name is emma "














"Better in real life"







"hm....kecil,,imut,cantik,,manis,,narsis,,baik hati,,rajin menabung...hehehe"

"living in arnhem flying to work several times a month working on platforms at the northsea got an apple computer and ipad and love going to curacao "


"If it doesn`t make sense, then it`s perfectly logical."


"Beneath the makeup & behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world - Marilyn Monroe"










"Daughter, wife, mother, sister, friend, photographer. In that order."








"Patriotic Humanist "



OUUUMAIGODI
"just a random girl who decided to make a twitter. crazy atl obsessed girl, as well. xP follow me, i`ll most likely follow you back. :)"






"♥ its falling in love & falling down the rabbit hole, its in your dreams & imagination"

"My name is Heather and I`m 22 years old. I live in Norfolk, Virginia. I`m 5’7, have blonde hair and bluish-green eyes. I`m a senior majoring in Criminal Justice"

"im sporty like biking,swim,running reading history books,driving out of town with family and friends"



"The eco-friendly, virtual world created by TirNuans. Play Green. Live Green."



"...it is what it is..."



"I love JB Demi! 21/5/09 el mejor dia de mi vida!!!"

"So you made it. Will you help me now? :P *Gets on one knee* Will you follow me? I`m quite boring once you get to know me."
"BMX en Down-hill racer geweest. Nu eigenaar van een loon- en transportbedrijf."




"enjoy riding my motorcycle, lounging in my pool or on my hammock, or just hanging out with good friends "


"Living in Ketchikan"

"Sometimes you must start over to get it right!"



"Certified Compass Representative. Compass is a personal development company committed to helping women by offering affordable coaching programs and services. "










"The blue in Blueprint has nothing to do with politics. The Blueprint Podcast is a funny podcast from the UK with no famous comedians in it"




"IAM 74 YRS OLD.I GET HIGH ON LIFE AND NOTHING ELSE.I AMA FATHER,GRANDFATHER SND GREAT GRAND FATHER. AND I LOVE ALL MYFAMILY AND  I AM PROUD OF EACH ONE."





"The Saddlery Shop is THE internet tack shop for all your tack and equestrian clothing needs. "
"A nice, down to earth young woman. If you want to get to know me then look me up on facebook(Courtney Austin) "

"Interior Designer who loving in photography"


"Budding Digital Strategist. Freelance Designer. Web maven of rad goodness. Addiction to Business Reviews. Curiosity is the best of me. "
"18-book published author & radio host"




"sou um cara legal que tem 22 anos  e quer fazer amigos..."



"Yummy Mummy!!!"

"LIVE LIFE AS IF IT`S YOUR LAST, SO MAKE A POSITIVE IMPRESSION"
"live chicago, n` i kind of like skewl..friends `n` family mean alot to me..(people im close to) `n` i love to talk..lol xD Alot"
"I`m Astrid, I`m 18, bla bla bla the end. I`m just too lazy to write the bio thing but it`s too late `cuz I realized I already wrote it. DUMB ME!"










"Young rapper from PA trying to make it big."






"Journo for WaPo, boys are a no-no, my sis works for Rahmbo. (NOT REAL)"
"Born on July 5, 1990"









"sans peur."



"Abogado Derecho de Internet y Nuevas Tecnologías."




"Mad cause Im cuter than the girl thats with ya"

"100% electronic music webradio"
"`E quando eu estiver triste Simplesmente me abrace E quando eu estiver louco Subitamente se afaste E quando eu estiver bobo Sutilmente disfarce.`"
"Domestic goddess, champagne lover, office diva & part time yogi. "


"Queria ir além, além do que meus olhos podem ver"
"Very normal!! Twitter is interesting but shocking at the same time-there seem to be a few nutters out there!!"







"a Future teacher, an extreme tv-show/movie addict... sports (basketball & soccer) are my way out"
"Boutique marketing and PR consultancy working with businesses on advertising, communications, events and social media programmes to drive business vision"





"That`s a lovely accent you have. New Jersey?"


"Happy, happy fashion - there`s not much more to it than that."


"you only live once."




"If weird people could be made into ball-shaped items, I would be their spherical spokesperson."

"LA based entertainment company that provides live stand-up comedy events for college Greek communities across America."

"Deserves links from Corporate Identity Business."

"Printers & Conqueror Paper, Board, Card Suppliers"

パソコンとゴルフとアマチュア無線が大好きです






"Texas Commercial Banker"

"Saved by the blood of one Man."








"I`m a weird person !! haha"

"Creative designer of Industrial Controls Training for Instructor-led and www-delivered programs."






"A gardener of thoughts or sorts."
twitter

社会人二年目です。





"Call me doctora"

"A random person in Nebraska.  Heading towards a goal."
"Estudande de economia, carioca, Dj no fim de semana"











"Perl/Python/PHP developer and Unix (Linux, Solaris, FreeBSD) sysadmin"







"A única verdade é que vivo. Sinceramente, eu vivo. Quem sou? Bem, isso já é demais...."
"19; taken;ready to see the world!"









fineartstudent





"NAM3 iS BR33ZY,18 Y3ARZ YUNGiiN,i LUV MARYJ AN CHiLLiN"














"Acoustic singer-songwriter seeks voice through the vehicle of life experience."



"- design oriented engineer - pro model/actor - freelance photographer http://www.wix.com/juanbonilla/photography"







"I am a 21 yr old livin in Voorhees, NJ tryin to keep it real while living my best I can for Christ, my one and ONLY SAVIOR!! Romans 6:13! "
"Follow me yaa.. Follback? . Just mention :D"


"Movin on and up! U jus wait!"

"Peace & Love!!"











notribe










"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"

"I don`t wanna be afraid I wanna wake up feelin beautiful today and know that I`m okay Cause everyone`s perfect in unusual ways. "







"A Scorpio..."


"Ingeniero Civil Septuagenario"




"ohhh heyyy! :)"
"Track & field statistician and coach"




"Photographer, 26.2 runner-cyclist, gluten-dairy-nut-free, O`s, Ravens, Cubs, Bryn Mawr...Please sponsor my ride! http://afc.aidschicago.org/netcommunity/court"




"Go get---- Stilettos In Da Trap REVAMPED hosted by Bigga Rankin BiggV NOW!!! For features or booking contact MizSmurffBooking@gmail.com ($_$)"
"Chava Soltera, Buena Onda, Me Encantan Las Novelas, y La Musica!!... Single Outgoing Women Who Loves Music & Loves To Have Fun!!"


"TORONTO`S SOURCE OF ENTERTAINMENT: FEEL GOOD MUSIC GROUP HOLIDAY BROS ENT RNS LIFESTYLE ::FEEL GOOD ENTERTAINMENT::"







"Owner of Mellow Disposition specializing in Web Design & IT Services."
"Sporting news, info, scores, events and chat related to Oxford University Sport. Updated by the Sports Federation at Iffley Road Sport Centre www.sport.ox.ac.uk"





"Stop following me. Seriously, you`re creeping me out."





"Husband, dad, cyclist, trail runner, lab lover, retirement guy"


"Your Source For Fire Training Materials; Books, Videos, Powerpoints, Study Guides, and more..."
"out of this world"

"ship spirits in the guise of ball jointed dolls"





"i hiccup randomly....everyday"
"I`m new here"






"realtor with Prudential Laney Real Estate @ the beach"





"im a proud carolinian student nurse!"
".:Live:Laugh:Love:. 100% a true crazy CoLoMBiaN B*tch ;-)"







"It`s Arqueoz Paddo, bitch ;)"
















"The long lost son of Ray Gordon and Olive Randolph. "












"Came into existence in latter half of 20th Century, will cease to exist sometime in 21st Century."






"Veteran pastor, multi-site church fanatic, founder and senior strategist of Multi-Site Solutions."

















"We`re a freerunning/Parkour team from Naples, FL."

"The Games of the XXI Lotusiad"

"I have been helping people work from home for 12 years now!"
"Relações Públicas, estudante de Publicidade e Propaganda, chocólatra, viciada em café, musicista por atrevimento e cantora por maldade. "



"I`m 17,#TeamBROWNSKIN,#TeamTaken,#TeamSnapBack,#TeamTouchPhone,#TeamSwagg 071610 Keep It 110%Real, I`m A Cool Laid Back Person That You Should Know."

"Partnered, gay professional with a sense of humor and sincerity! Die-hard country music fan! Soapmaking & DairyGoat Guru www.matrixsoaps.com billhanks@live.com"





現在、韓国の大学寮に住んでいます。











"Event TV"













"I`m 16, from a tiny town where you can only dream... ive been in love with the color blue FoReVeR 3 i love puppies and reading =] and i play sports =P"

"Twitter Oficial do baixista da Solution e do Ministério IBP e Aliança Jovem da Paz..."

ビービットの遠藤です。デジタル時代のユーザ中心マーケティングに全力を注いでいます。
"Nurse, famous in my dreams, fabulously quirky, photography lover"


"Acadêmico de Direito e Segurança do trabalho, músico nas horas vagas..."



"Contemporary Creative Christian Posters"
"graphic designer. i ♥ inspirational design, music + my hubby. won`t say no to a coffee or caipirinha (depending on the time of day)"











"Individuals with a common interest... to grow closer in relationship with the only One who can fulfill our most intense, but basic of desires... "


"Crocheteira. Amo fotografias! E fotografar!  A única verdade é que vivo. Sinceramente, eu vivo. Quem sou? Bem, isso já é demais...."






"Exploring new futures for learning and human capital development."
"Grant Pearce :)"
"Fuck a bio. Follow me and find out #teamfollowback #teamFYF Follow my right hand -- @iSpeakMyMynd"

"Relastionship is in transition, future looks good, job is stable, healthy and enjoying life again, looking to travel more and meet new people and start over."



"Vi hjälper företag och organisationer med mobil kommunikation och säkerhet."




"At theKitchenFaucet.com, we strive to do our part in removing any stress or worry out of your project and engage in and promote water conservation techniques. "
"Backing up my President in promoting sexual abstinence. NNN Today. God will do the rest!!!"
Widget







"a real nigga from da west.....ima always be real wit you and be myself"

"Universitária de 21 anos que adora chocolate. "


"Atheists don`t solve exponential equations because they don`t believe in higher powers"



"General gas bag about things I like."


"i like shoes"



"Columnist, Editorial Writer, Vancouver Sun. Recreational Sailor, Motorcyclist, Determined optimist by choice"

"I`m 18. I`m a drama student. Don`t hold that against me."

"An auteur that is a  hypochondriac and dances to disco....and I also do the whole comedy thing."




"I excel at these things: Reading, writing, annoying my husband, talking gibberish to my cats, eating, watching TV and reading some more. Just saying. I`m cool. "


"Amisol Travel is a travel company specializing in tours to Egypt, Turkey, Spain and Greece from Norway and Denmark."


"CFO for a trading company"


"Founding Partner of Peterson, Colantoni, Collins & Davis LLP. Representing Employers, Insurance Companies, and Administrators. "


"ぱんだポルノって言います。小島慶子キラ☆キラ／BUBBLE-B・政所のSPEEDKING RADIO／ビバリー昼ズ　のヘビーリスナーでございます。ナードコアという音楽をストーキングしてます。ＶＯＷ、ガロ系漫画大好きなボンクラ崩れのもてない男です。町田市は神奈川県です。"







"miss the south but trying to tough it out on the nyc line"
"cool gal"

"Recovering ex-lawyer, hopeful nonprofit careerist"
"Let`s sleep underneath the stars and fall in love again."

"Kayyy. Im Yateena ,Jamaican & Unique In Many Different Ways Ill surprise YOU .Photography &Fashion & Animals. Its A Pink World With A Biq Splash Of Oranqe "


" salted butter, wrangler butts, puppies, yoga, tan skin, audio books, red wine, sunshine, southern accents and good music - yup those leave me with a smile "







"Song writing is my life."


"Listen. Think. Design. Deliver."



"Keyboard blues..."





http://anittarenzo.blogspot.com/
"I am what I am. And - why not?!"
"Truth be told, with my brains and your cooperation we can make this a better world."


"Eco Geek. "
















"I`m 16 in love with fashion and design. Metro sexual in love with all the brands I would shop it all if I can  ....social hoe ..... wild child... follow back.."



"Renovation Consultant-Advising-Planning-process,materials,cost,DIY problem solving,project management,design options,budget"
"Creo que la verdadera receta del éxito es empezando por creer posibles tus sueños por más imposibles que parezcan.   "
"Laura Noelle: Sixteen.  Single.  Straight.  Random. And A music addict"
"Author of Fighting Words, unemployed sportswriter seeking work. Hire me!"


"The Girl with the Pit Bull Tattoo. Also, I know what your problem is. "
"my name is jenna. and here is what i love: my friends. music. my boyfriend. snowboarding."







"Birthday Ideas"
"Terapeuta en Adicciones y  Accesorios Zingara"
"Handmade Antique Reproduction Carpets"

"Você criando oportunidades!"



"Hello :]"



"oh you kno... Im summa this and summa that. Perfect combination :o)"

"Manager of legal information resources and know how for a leading provider (UK) of legal education."


"The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over, and put it back in your pocket. ;$"



"We are a band that plays a new style of alternative blues jazz rock funk music, a modern type of fusion good for all generations. WE GO HARD IN THE PAINT"

"I`m all about my money and my Mya. If what ur saying doesn`t involve either of the 2, then I`m clearly not in your target demographic...."




"Turtles all the way down."

"Ever in search of destiny"

"Unique Fresh   Squad Up   Mico"



"I love music. I love singing, the music you hear is the Jonas Brothers, Demi Lovato , One Direction ... I like Being with my friends... I`m Jonatica(L)"





"coquettish lady who digs Amateur Radio"








"More of You, less of me."

"Allah is My Everything...Qashka is My Life"



"I`m just a ambition guy trying to do the right thing while while dealing with the ongoing war between love and hate"


"Systems Engineer at Dimension Data Czech Republic, Interested in Networking and Security"









"My job is saving people money.  I love my job. "







"São Paulina. Jornalista."







"é por mais que você tente ser uma pessoa boa, não consiguirá esconder uma garota má. http://twitpic.com/photos/brennabraz"

"I`m a 19 year old Maths student at University Of York."


"Blaasmuziek   Hafabra   Drente   marketing & PR  PR-arrangeur http://www.buroreprise.nl radiomaker@radiohoogvandetoren.nl  amateursaxofonist@amdgbeilen.nl "
"things I love: my momma, ΑΔΠ, the south, sweet tea, talking, the news, event planning, cooking/baking, monogramming - any and everything   "
"Saxophonist Bennett makes hay with an airy approach that`s buoyant enough to conjure notions of East African guitar riffs and Steve Reich.  - VILLAGE VOICE"

"Mexican entrepreneur"
"UK B2B adman"



"I`m me.  I love acting and photography, and God.  That`s about all there is to me. =)"


"The Bierstube in White Bear Lake.  Reubens, Steaks, great food & drink specials."

Blondie....
"20 years West Coast Navy (`89 - `09)"

"Fotógrafo, Webdesign, Programador (PHP, Delphi), Sonoplasta, Videomaker (Premiere Pro), Animador Digital (After Effects) e outros..."


"Just your average, boring, brilliant beautiful college girl"





"Advance Performance. Total Reliability. Titan offers world-class sprayers, end-to-end solutions for the industry to spray all kinds of coatings & finishes."

"ESMT: The business school founded by business."





"I`m an artist "
"Mixtense,24 anos,professora (Letras-UFMT).Ex-dirigente do DCE-UFMT,militante da Esquerda Marxista do PT. Gde conquista:passe-livre estudantil em Cuiabá-MT.=)"

崖っぷち文京区民。元大阪人。娘（2.3歳）と日々精進中。ワーキングママ。バタバタ中。


"Dance, friends, beautiful boys such as cody simpson, yeahhhh. Music, facebook, formspring, kinders, katy perry.. THAT`S ME."




"Tiro nota máxima no boletim, tenho um Twitter e naum gosto de vc! kkkk³"


"Visitor Information Center geared towards educating our guests to the beauty of Palmer Alaska"

"LaLa is awsome. "

"A Quadrophonic Toppling.  You got here. You are happy.  You have a good culinary sense.  Enjoy."







"Working in recovery and prevention of addictions, believer and follower of Jesus Christ who saved me from a messed up life, wife and mom, blessed"






"7 awesome kids, 1 awesome hubby"



"heyy pretty much im an actress with tabitha talent. and I love what I do"



"Solutions Architect for Aver Informatics Inc."
"♫ Sólo música! ♫ Descarga nuestro podcast cada 30 días Fechas de conciertos, noticias & más...  @mimi_musik @jeleov Follow Us!"
"Musician, geek, and Ben and Jerry`s enthousiast."





"Super high strung and ridiculously fantastic. "


"Im just killing time"

"Welcome to my Twitterr =) care to explore ?"




"a life w/o love, is no life @ all."

"Campaigning for the eradication of cats and horses."









"girl with brown hair and glasses"




"I have been a Stampin Up Demonstrator for over 14 years.  I consider myself a Creative Coach! "



"Film School and 3d animation graduate.. Part time Filmmaker, Part time Actor."
"Need to find YOU...."



"Dunno I`m just perfect ^_^"





impossible









"Im Big Deal! People know me, I have many leatherbound Books!!!!"






"Drama Free Zone"

"Nationalist in a nation of  Gita, Ganga, Gayatri and Govinda."








"Passive-aggressive alter-ego"










"Mother, wife, fine art painter/printmaker in a previous life, migrant in France from UK. Here for the cultured witticisms, MJ gossip and cheap psychotherapy"



"i do wat i want"
















"An average guy living an above average life!"




"I analyze therefore I am."
"Je cherche mes chaussures Noires. (Y)"

"...Mackin` on Brand New, but i had to bounce over to The Postal Service to pick up these pills that take care of my nervousness."


"Don`t put it out with your boots, Ted!"




"We are a pop band.  "



"Editor of CMM Magazine - Micro and Precision Manufacturing Technology Magazine"
"Knitter. Crocheter. I like to create things. Find me on Ravelry as allisonlovesyarn"








"Red Blue Records ICE NINE KILLS PHONE CALLS FROM HOME THE VENETIA FAIR GONE BABY GONE SOUND WE SLEEP LET`S RAGE CLOTHING MUSIC - LOVE IT AND LIVE IT"


"Résidant en Chine Christian Gazam Betty est un Maketeur Internet et Copywriter."









"kind of a boss"





"Office of Fabricated Art Statistics"

"i loveee phoebe thompson!"


"Durban`s Underground Dance Station"

"UW-Madison grad."
"Lazy man :)"



"I`m a vampire."


"Professional painter (any medium) and sculptor (foam and poly) I`m interested in multiples and very focused on kinky art (maybe erotic, maybe not)as a genre"


"Author & Diabetes Lifestyle Coach"
"Jack of everything, master of nothing. Easily distracted, sports nut and sometime blogger of sports, movies, technology and wine. Go Blue!"


"Sou Cezimbra."

"i´m sunny 16 years old , bit crazy & loves make up =) "



"Found In Translation"
"I love music, movies, art, LOVE and everything else in between. Even YOU :)"








"Where do u wanna be in 5 years from now? Fitness and nutrition consultant striving to help others achieve happiness with their fitness :) Tweet me for more!!"
"If you don`t stand for something...You will FALL for anything!!!"










"Software Dev. interested in Fitness, Investing, Boating, and Music."



"I am a pretty chill person, startin a fresh life in college. I love sports and anything related to athletics...but feel free to follow me and get to know me :)"

Photog
"Sr. Systems Administrator for a large PacWest copier company."
"Making Things Happen!!"








"My WCGAPS Twitter account my personal/business account is @smjacob"
"I am a manager in optical materials division of LG chemical."
"Recruitment Manager / Sr. Recruiter / Outsourcing Recruitment / Amsterdam / sun, snow & sea"
"modern men`s and women`s fashion and homeware with an ethical/eco focus"






"I am FEARLESS, jk :) "


"OSS diehard, electrical and software engineer, love P90X."


"The best Singl.eView tester you will find ! :)"

"im Lovin my bffae`s and i`m way fun"






"crazy, , , , , , tired, , , , "

"customer experience automotive freak into passionate expression"





"Mom, Realtor for New London Agency Sotheby`s Int`l Realty, Shopaholic, Red Sox fanatic and obsessed with Snowboarding. Real Estate is also my hobby..."










"S♥NE/소원 for Life! YulSic♥ Shipper.    Singapore ~  soshified.com 내↘가↗ 소녀시대 KCWL♥"










"I`m in the prime of my life and very happy at the moment, things are good. I enjoy photography, reading and crafts and I work as a nurse in the local hospital"

































"i am dr.prajakt dentist. 2 year clinical experiance/p.g.diploma in clinical research"











"I`m a teacher. There is more to my life than education...but I love my job!"
"My name is Mary Palmer. I am 19 years old. I am married to the most wonderful, amazing man. I have a baby girl she is the best thing in the world. "






"female, dreamer, romantic, optimist, loyal, a pain, geek, friend and constantly dieting!"
shin








"plain♡ clumsy★ moody♥ fickle-minded ツ"

"I`m a hugge Justin Bieber and Zac Efron fan ♥ Also Alex Constancio.. he`s a babe. ;) I tweet to celebrities.. and if you don`t like it. Then don`t follow. :) "








"I do a lot of shit for Disurbing Tha Peace Records,Conjure Cognac, Ebony Son Management,What can I help you with? #RollTide! Certified Dope..."




"Clothing Designer"

"Husband/owned by a cat/middling mountaineer/contact center SME/miniaturist"















"Pittsburgh-based PR professional who focuses on corporate communication."

"I am a Super Conservative who thinks about politics nonstop"

"lets not talk about it now :)"

"Passionate about teaching, providing opportunities for our Professional and Financial Services students and working with employers within the various sectors"
"Mi estas spiritisma kaj #esperanto-parolanto. logxas en Brazilo kaj aktivemas je ambaux movadoj. Sou espírita, falo #esperanto e ativo em ambos os movimentos."
"There`s a bluebird in my heart..."














"bbc journalist"



"competition , AHA id love some . only roll with the baddest . #TEAMBADBITCH #TEAMBARBIE #TEAMSINGLE"


"I smell like an old dick and feel like soft damp shoes."
sexy


"United by Music, People and LOVE. Whatever ur gift, share it with the world! Anticipating YOU! "





"Adobe Flash® // Baixista da @OsfenOfficial // E um grande interesse em Python http://www.facebook.com/osfen"

"Namorado da @dreamloverawr (L)"



"RN grad `09"


"Madison Keys News & Updates!   "




"provocative lady interested in Tea Tasting"

"I like to read, be with my family and kayak"







"Life Version 2.0"


"Birth Your Way. Educating women about informed choices."










"✔ Official Celeb. ☮ I Am a DIE HARD Beyonce stan if you dont like it ..... DONT Follow :-) #TeamBeyonce ! L O A D I N G H A T E R S . . . ███████████████]99% "

"learnin more about my capabilities every single day, "
"Not unordinarily normal. huh."

"Selling Real Estate in NW Indiana 1 yard at a time"


"Celebrate we will because life is short but sweet for certain."
"i maybe a riot but im smart"


"Twitter is my guilty pleasure."











"Producer of the WHAM Morning News (WHAM1180) and The John DiTullio Show (FM 107.3 & 1280 AM).  *Known to spontaneously break out in dance*"


"I`m a 24 years-old Finnish freelancer fashion designer/ event planner, who loves art, music, fashion, having fun and rocker guys"



"Lucky Charms enthusiast"


"i am who i am... take me or leave me..."
"`Это безрассудно` - заметил опыт, `Попробуй` - шепнула мечта, `Да пошли вы в жопу!` - сказал Эрик Картман, `Псих...` - подумал ёжик. `Ёжик...` - подумал псих"












"Freelance copywriter, father, aging punk and dubious social commentator. Also a Weimaraner. Stockport, Manchester"

"Designer gráfica, rockeira e apaixonada pelo meu namorado Túlio. Desenvolvo todo tipo de mídia impresa, mas minha paixão são projetos Editoriais."
"Odi et amo. Quare id faciam, fortasse requiris. Nescio, sed fieri sentio et excrucior.    G. V. Catullo"
"My favorite mexican food is from El Camino Real."


"ramblings of insanity. that is me. go see me on facebook and lets be friends :D http://www.facebook.com/ohyeahwillolson"


"Professional Fishing-guide in New Smyrna Beach, FL I love sharing fishing tips with others passionates, this is what I`ll try to do here ! Come and share !"
"Geek, bird watcher, Canadian expat in US, chemist, juvenile sense of humour, misanthrope, Sci-Fi fan, atheist, gay"


"Teimosa, possessiva, orgulhosa, insegura e etc. @lucas_donizette, @apequena_, @AlternativePCP ♥"









"Proud Cornishman, photographer, cricket lover, golfer, ,tweeter, father, husband, United fan and social media enthusiast - These views are my own and not yours."


"eai ?"
"Humane human..."





Journalist

"Jess, Dirtbikes, Dogs, Animals, Cars, Family, House, thats me."





















"Technology Director at TBWA/Toronto, idea factory, adventure racer, eco focused veggie animal lover, atheist, moralistic, highly social, sarcastic individual"



"taekwondo teacher, med student, dog lover."
"Uma paraguaia sentada no gramado da Sacré Coeur."

"Enjoyin my blessings my boys and family to the fullest"
"SVP at the American Institute for Cancer Research (AICR)"
"Co-Founder of HealthFinch, Entrepreneur, Designer, and Green Bay Packer Fanatic."
"38 year old wife and mom who admires David Archuleta and adores his music!!"





"drums, metal, skateboards,dirtbikes,mma and vaginas"


"Just a small town kid trying to make it in the big city"












"musician, Joker, dan istri bersuami yang belum beranak"


"Ice Sculptor and marketing manager. Sadly not in that order."

"My name is Mooki. I`m a Kappa. In Japanese my name means nonfloater, whatever that means."

"Live in England. Love the sun, curry, fifa, any sport, my future wife Lauren and Jesus. #Lovelife is my # "


"Im a video game person and stuff..."


"I love to sell real estate."

"Roller Derby Whore"





"Tombé dedans trop jeune pour s’en sortir, et plus que jamais professionnel et passionné du web partageant sa veille : marketing, réseaux, ergonomie, seo ..."


"hi i am scott play in a bandcalled binary soul and love the tonic"


"i ♥ cookies."



"#TeamStonerLife. Light Itttt! #TeamCapitolHeights #TeamSydneyForever 33333"




"The name is Aubrey, I live in Eupora. I work at a restaurant, and am expecting my first child in February. "

"I run with ex-felons who got nothing to live for."


"something called `online organizing` most of the time"
"tech entrepreneur   photographer   writer (Huffington Post, etc.)   Obama finance cm`tee   co-founder, PopTech   more..."







"Me full of Potential but a lazy one"












"Comunidade de Joomla em Portugal"



""






"programmer, mathematician, Java-coder, Java-lover, Ural SU forever, Uralmash-er, with Russia in the heart. I am just a man, not superhuman."




"Das kostenlose Fotoalbum für den Stolz der Familie"
"15. Caracas. Futbol. Stencil. D10S. Mi unico idolo es Don Ramon, nunca pago la renta. Adidas no me usa, yo estoy usando Adidas. @michellsosa9 "







"This is an in-house account. Follower status is inititated on the part of aubrytaf."
"Age: 69, and still a lot to do."




DASH村、フランス革命、エアーウルフ、旅行、大草原の小さな家、東野圭吾、芝生、柴犬、レ・ミゼラブル、サッカー、携帯・スマートフォン、釣りなどに興味あり。よろしくお願いします(^-^)/


"A quality 4 star Holiday Park in New Plymouth with breath-taking sea views. Tweets on our account are made by Jo-Anne, Annalise, Teresa or Carrina. "



"http://www.facebook.com/pages/Full-Disklosure/116246147130 http://fulldisklosure.tumblr.com/ http://fulldisklosure.posterous.com/"





Ratatouille`s

"hirup aink kumaha aink"






"Tweeting about everything between motocross and football."
"Alan Fletcher ♥ "
"Just add water....."

"and there`s a whole world out there. enjoy! "









"Burgerville, a chain of quick service restaurants located in Oregon and Washington, serves guests fresh, great tasting food from a mission of serve with love."
"We make our own fortunes, and call them fate. And what better excuse to choose a path than to insist it`s our destiny?"



"BUT I LOVE 2 B BAD ;-)"






"24 year old know nothing who loves the islanders."
















"Reporter @K24 TV, Kameme Fm Vernacular news reporter/ anchor since 2004. KEMEP Media Awards Winner 2010, Business woman, Single aiming for the highest."
"10 items or less makes me cringe. I provide copyediting services for the global community (based in Denver, CO). Give me a try for all of your document needs!"

"I`m in 8th grade and if you wanna now bout me ask me"


"Amada... por Deus, pela minha família, pelo meu namorado,pelo meus amigos. Por fim, sou feliz por ter pessoas tão preciosas na minha vida!!!!"

"majoring in Art Study"




"Stay Fluid!"
"Helping families preserve their family stories and photos in beautiful, hardbound books at an affordable price. Digital Scrapbooking also!"



"student and aspiring film writer and producer/CPA.. "


"Comunicador, Cantante, Presentador de Noticias. "

"i likee turtles"



M•O•O•D•Y
"I`m not a stopover.... I`m a destination!"
"51 year old solicitor"

"I love peeps and diet coke."

"I find twitter self-validating in that I-have-no-friends-but-maybe-the-internet-cares sort of way"
"Bregas Aditya`s #1 fans.Juventini.Cancerian,Gunners fans."

"a normal person, like to make other people smile n happy with that, always sacrifice for my beloved family n friends, don`t control n force me. hate that..  "



"i am studying veterinary 3"
"P Curtis Enterprise strives to be a resource for small businesses by providing quality legal and business services to help protect and grow your business. "
"A Forward Thinking, London based accounting recruitment agency.Goodman Masson, Our Knowledge, Your Potential"


"I like Hot Wings, Tater Tots, and Cake. That`s about all anyone needs to know about me."










"A humorist is someone who feels bad, but who feels good about it. ----Don Herold"
"Webmaster for SF"





"I LOVE @ladygaga"




"Chef...Entrepreneur...Business woman. Young lady striving for excellence. God fearing. HUGE DEMETRIA MCKINNEY FAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND U SHUD BE TOO. "
"Hard driven"
"EntreperNerd - Connecting the World One Satisfied Client @ a Time"




"I like to creep in the offline jungle. Some kids say I`m kind of a big deal. My middle name is Maladjusted. I once killed a guy with a trident. Say hi dammit!"

"Consultant, Corporate Controller"
"West Ham fan. Drinking fan. Eating fan."













"wat up to all da name be joe . im from NORF BRIZZ lol  "
"23 y.o. currently living in sunny SoCal"


"Top Insurance News and Headlines"
"A little India in US"



"may be virtue闲散青年,见识浅薄,思维狭隘,脱离高级趣味..."


"Não dá para falar (escrever) muito com apenas esses 140 caracteres... Alguém já conseguiu? Bem então, vou tentar aqui mesmo me descrever: Eu sou um cara que gos"






"Viciados em esportes ! ! ! Parkour, escalada e muitos outros."
"One and only :D"



"I listen to hard Rock/Heavy Metal.I played in a band back in the day called Metal Heart.I love Football DA BEARS........"







"Hot Cool An Vicious"




"latino, 25, welder, "






"20 something, smart, sexy as hell, employed, independant. Why is this starting to sound like a Beyoncé song?"








"Married to Don and the Manager of Castaways Resort"
"SW Technical & Quality Manager, Mom and animal lover, Colorado native"

"celle du fond qui connait moyen les paroles"
"NY Times best selling author, SHAPE contributor, lover of natural & organic food, NY Rangers nutritionist/RD seen on Today, GMA, Rachael Ray, Nightline... "

"Estudante de fisioterapia.Viciada em livros.Amo assistir séries com o meu irmão mais velho.Gosto de desenhar/rabiscar em todos os lugares.Omeletenauta.  "
"Bass Player & Composer, Photographer, Blogger, Vespista, Traveller."


"i love chocolate cake :D "



"And I am not a freaking dance party!"










"DÄOF - Den DIE ÄRZTE ihr offizieller Fanclub (Live-Twitter)"


"CHRIS.SZIGETI   PHOTOGRAPHY WITH A FINE TRADITION"
"Étudiant à l`université laval en Business et ancien patineur de vitesse"



"full of nonsense mom who works for ad agency @bigbridgead"
"Starving College Art Student"





"Sustainable energy - watervironment; pushymother; whenever you find a toughness in my tweets, I swear that I am not haters. It just boldness :) "




"different n my own wayz"



"IM A TOUR SCRATCH DJ FRO M UK "
"a happy girl!"
"cool,smart,gamer,lovesheavymetal,cute"


"Volviendo a lo que verdaderamente soy..."

"Passionate .NET developer"
"Singer, Actor, writer, Production"


"Happy having fun and misbehaving."

"Music, bicycles, words"


"Helping worriers the world over"

"interested in assn, public health, academic research, leadership development, diversity and inclusion. foodie, chihuahua-lover, avid traveler and photog. "
"Career Coach & Resume Writer, Artist, Musician, Free Thinker "




" Keep talking cause thats all your capable of."



"I am married to the love of my life I love my family very much "

"I like to eat noodles -___- I`m only doing these things because Lily wanted me to join."
"Simple Thai Chinese look ,working a boring job just to get salary and spend it for cure the boredom."

"Down 2 Earth,Straight Forward Person, Music Is My Weapon,Deejaying Is My Ammunition!"
"The Search for the Perfect Beat ... Sagacity! Think Before you speak!"
"I love chapstick, the sun and going out :)"






"Whatever posted here only reflects me. So enjoy the ride."
"I am starting my new life! "


"I`m an Indian giver, I want the quarterback"

"Jobs in Birmingham, Employment, Job Listings, Recruitment."




"Retired Speech and Lanugage Pathologist"





"Let me see... naaaaaa..."
"TL Destroyer. » Holler for a followback  #TLM #DMF #TEAMBIGMYKE #TeamWolfStamp #TeamPrettyLadies  #TEAMCH3Y #TGP"










"hospice nurse, Mom of 2 , cohabitator for 20 years with a great guy!"


"just some kalikids trying to spread the swag to yall... gear is available...yeee!!"
"The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs"
"He is in about to Release his Brand New Studio Album The Wordsmith on Knocturnal Worldwide on Aug 23,2011..."











"Fuck you and all of your friends."


"I am 18 "



"From Emmen to Figline via Nijmegen, Eindhoven, Blomberg, Utrecht, Amsterdam and Bolton. Marketing for tourism in five languages."



"Editor-in-Chief of Sew News, Creative Machine Embroidery and Sew It All magazines. Host of Sew it All on PBS."







"Serving 4500 Scouts in South Metro Denver"




hyago


"Quality & Architecture Manager Datacenter Manager"
"Brand Alliances, Non-Profit Dev, Social Network Marketing Strategic Diversity Group/INDIE VIXENS www.indievixensinthecity.com www.indievixens.com "

"Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny. TheWANTED&&TheMIDNIGHTBEAST "



"Enjoying Life. Learning All I Can.  -  Currently I am working full time at Grand Ledge High School and attending MSU Special Education program.  "


Duh






"Jane of all trades, master of none.  Va Beach native. Single and happily childless. Broncos fan."


"нєяşєч вєиdє вαşLαя вєиdє вітєя...."






"I`m nineteen years old and currently studying adult nursing at glamorgan university."
"I am the voice of the dreamers. I am the creative dream come true, and I refuse to wake up. -Kanye West Like Water For Chocolate"
"もぐもぐご飯系男子(主に神田・秋葉原)。ガジェットはぁはぁ(Apple成分多め)・自転車きこきこ(ロード・小径)。愛機はiMacとMBA。愛車はCorratec R.T.CarbonとBROMPTON M6R、カメラはGR DIGITAL III 。コミケは[8/14 東R-05b はんぐりーべあー]で僕と握手!"



"i like playing sorts especially hockey :) i also used to play baseball :) "



























"RH(+) A / 100% Native of Daegu / [SI]Project Manager / Inline Skater / SAMSUNG LIONS / Anti GNP... 응?"












"HCGA Diet Club "









"Freelance web designer and creative based in Bournemouth, Dorset."










"Very outgoing, loves to laugh & have fun! ♡"


"Digital Copywriter works in london, plays in Brighton. "


"The Handsome Physical Therapist of DLSU My Name is Jerome Odejar Ng Starmagic Workshopper ABS-CBN (acting) Center For Pop Music Philippines (singing) "






"Rising above the statistics of a young African American in the World... I have a beautiful daughter named Channing #Teamandroid #UTMAlum #TeamTattedUp  "


"Grad Student. Interests: Footy, Manchester United, public health, medicine, Team Manny."


"Pessoa da paaaZ*"
"Im a professional Graduate who specialises within Fine Art, Fashion Illustrator &Photographer... Currently seeking work within these industry`s."
"Loving music, graphics in all kinds (3d, painting, video and more) and would like to do freelance illustrational work"










"my names arielle im 14 years old i have 3 brothers and 1 siz. i would love to meet the stars who  i love especially  robert pattinson and kristen stewart ."

"Hubculture Athens"





"Medical Business, Minimally Invasive Surgery products, Decontaminaiton"

"Every one want to go To heaven but nobody want to die. LETS SPREAD THE LOVE BY LOVEPEDIA.."
meep.

"Lover of Jesus, wife, momma to 2 precious girlies & one hairy dog!"
"Bball N Music Flow Imma Girl W/BIG Dreams U Mighta Seen Me N Da Tweets But Shawty U Don`t Know Me (MsHeat4lyfe)Big Dwade N Tamika Catchings Fan Among Others "






"lets just keep it between me &nd you ! #JCSU-#NCA&T "

"Hi, my name`s Nde http://nde79.tumblr.com"
"I recently left my job & apt in Boston to volunteer in Bali at the Yayasan Bumi Sehat birthing clinic. Read all about it on my blog!"





"I`m a bot that publishes links to new event caches in the GTA"
" Futura cantora de pop rock` #), fato: nâo divido brigadeiro com ngm u-u me seguee ?  .-."
"Globally minded HOUSTON TX REALTOR-Keller Williams MET"



"Mr Mitsuhirato (dj  http://soundcloud.com/mrmitsuhirato) Discotexas (a&r / promotion  http://www.discotexas.com) Louie Louie (record store manager)"
"Hey I`m Céline, 16, half french and half scottish. I love drawing. I love music more than anything, especially Chris Brown 3 xxx"



"Journalist and Social Media Editor for BBC News. Opinions all my own, not my employer`s."




"Work Like a slave so you can live like a king #teamiphone #teambootyshorts #teamlightskin #MOB #TeamSingle "



"Just your average nerd, geek, writer, MMO player, lover of Science fiction, Fantasy, and webcomics."


"Born and raised a Texas gal, went to college, became a Special Ed. teacher, needed a change, moved to Taiwan, and here we are. "



"I´m Rock"



"Decisions are made by those who show up."


"they call me the cricket kid"
"Yummy Mummy to be ;)"


"The unreal is more powerful than the real because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. - Chuck Palahniuk"



"it`s the music in you."








"Do it right or do it wrong, they`re still gonna talk behind your back. Just do whatever makes you happy."






"A laundry girl living in an asylum laundry like world!"

"If Momma aint happy - no one`s happy!"




"The vision of Pure Community Ministries is to help those who struggle with or have been hurt by sexual sin find healing."

"im 17 nd live ion the uk im at college studying child care bt im moven to do media "

"The Lead Creative technologist at Triple LBI Copenhagen"
facebook.com/tringrose

"studying ec-math, in cisv, likes cake"
"Projetista de software, blogueiro, DJ, CEO, CTO, ativista, surfista merrequeiro, chef de microondas e estudante de MBA em TI ."

"DJ, Producer, CEO..."
"Cheeseburger In Paradieswärts Düül"

"I`m look for the political relation"

"Pouring Jacksonville the best wines the world has to offer through PRP Wines. "











"Soy guionista, me encanta el cine, y lo que mas quiero hacer es contar en la pantalla....."
"I`m from Maine and I now live in Abu Dhabi, I apparently like to radically change my environment."

"I am michael v vandison age 29yrs a senior student at the university of liberia studing Public Administration and Sociology.I am a catholic,a very loving men."






"Looking for my goal to become a producer and have my own company."



Internet-Marketer



"Fashion student: oblivious to the world but with one finger on the pulse of it, always overtired and always dreaming..."











"BAD SHIT HPPNS WEN U TRY 2 HVE FUN"
"Pido el mismo deseo a esa estrella cada noche, amo a @LaloGagaLove, @LaloTorresBS. I`m shine like a centerfold, I`m a Free Bitch †"

"Eu não sou mais daqui."
"Family women, love to hunt and be outdoors, and i also like to voice my opinion about certain things. "



"Mom, professional single lady, laughs often and tries to live life with no regrets!"





"Trapped in the charisma of SNSD 소녀시대 GIRLS` GENERATION "

"Working for today hoping for tomorrow"
"I am a mother & wife. Haylee who is 6 & Caitlin who is 3. Caitlin was diagnosised with ALL Leukemia June 3, 2010. My family is my world. I`m proud of my family."


"i`m a little monster! I love my boyfriend @xTrashyYouthx forever! :) xo"

"---I may be Left-handed..., but m right...---"

"I like hockey,comics,metal & movies.  I also believe in aliens and gov`t conspiracies. The truth is out there. Oh and also...I`m awesome."









"Well story is im 18 married to an amazing person..any questions just ask!! =]"



CValesquez@mail.com
"Real-time website tracking. Company updates. Product News."






"studentessa e aspirante giornalista"
"Learning to Live the Lifestyle of Love -- Thankful for Jesus` mercy...living in it everyday! "
















"Multifunctional Fortune 500 Recruitment Firm"









"I love listening to music like rap rock and pop and have my own youtube occount when you go to youtube search bethjdahl"
X0X0.


"I`m making up a story of life that God is writing.  I love knowing that he has written me into the story and am excited about what He has in store"




"Divorced with 2 beautiful children. Work at BookPride Books in Georgetown. Come see me when you can."

"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow! X"

"I Digg, Reddit, Stumble, Mixx, and Propeller. You tweet the links, I take care of them."



"† He died for us, so we live for Him ♥; Live Free, Die Proud, Have Fun, Play Loud!! ; My baby Brother ; Ups & Downs in life which make me stonger!"

"Professional looker-at-er (photographer) based out of Houston, Tx. "

























"A cryptographically challenged Makeup Artist from Pretoria... the world just got smaller :)"









"sound as a pound if u knw me u knw wat im like :D lol :P"





"Raising awareness of autism and funds to support those affected by it."


"Business Optimisation"






"I`m Dennen.  I graduated from Arkansas State University with a degree in Sports Management.  I am an intern at Baseball Info Solutions."





"I love to live life without fear I love rock music as the band McFly ♥"
"sometimes I just want to give it all up and become a handsome billionaire"




"Is today 2011?"

"CEO / Founder at el Bastardo clothing, MMA and kickbox fanatic, Wannabe crash test dummy, Musical disasterpiece and garlic lovin footstompin daddy-o."

"Im a cool guys, is just, sumtimes i get mad with all this unfair stuff"
"I`m married to a wonderful man and have three great children. I am living in Cypress, Texas and am currently a substitute para for cy-fair isd. "
"Author of Words at Work & Power Words That Make You Wealthy. Director of Assn for Creative Business Writing--helping you write faster/stronger/better."

"Hair Stylist. Kabbalah Student. Florida Resident. Creative Individual."


"currently flawed but with a sponge bob outlook on my potential"
"Hi! It`s me!"


"Mother, 42lbs lighter, in only 12 weeks! This is my story..."

"Student by Day, Cops Reporter at @FresnoBee by Night."
"Sweet & Lovely"
"Cristão, flamenguista, namorado da @APaulaGonzaga e nerd por natureza.  "


"Life`s a party and I`m the host!!"






"gadget, movie, musical"


"Conseiller municipal de Neuilly-sur-Seine - Consultant - Passionné de politique, de nouvelles technologies et d`entrepreneuriat"



"I`m street legal, like to have a good time, and pick my nose while driving."


"We are a local Martini Bar located in Historic Downtown Redlands at 14 E. Vine St. We have special events every night of the week! See you soon!!"

"Im Sweet, considerate, understanding,loud at times lol,layed back, big gossip girl fan :-), I tend to take my looks for Grantive at times...-Ness"


"@kesslercrane @hiideff"



"Jornalista, amante de música,cinema e outras coisitas mais!  "



"My mom says I`m cool"
"love country music, crafting and reading. I love new ideas. "





"Helping you Find a Place to Anchor"
"- O que vamos fazer amanha Cerebro? - O mesmo que fazemos todas as noites: TENTAR DOMINAR O MUNDO!!"

"Tem certas coisas que as pessoas não querem ouvir. (Menina de Ouro) "



Student...


あっ・・・





"Juffrouw Jannie is de koffiedame van Twitter. Koffie in de ochtend. Wil ooit een roman schrijven over haar ervaringen en een column in de NRC Next."

"Take a bite of my heart tonight. LOST, DEXTER & THE O.C. attending #leedsfestival. Lovin` @TNAF! I follow back, just ask :)"




"a little bit crazy... a lot a bit lovely."
"Question everything!"




"i`m livin it up big time in raleigh, nc. love my friends, and live for God and music :) please dont hate"

"Phoenix Valley Realtor"




"Remember when Barack Obama said he wanted to Fundamentally change the United States? Things are going just as he planned."
"Random,love `One Tree Hill` & `F.R.I.E.N.D.S` also MASSIVE Michael Jackson fan!!!"
"Borderline Amazing."


"Independent thinker with big ideas and the drive to follow through, laid-back mom, art and outdoor lover."
"Committed to AnitaSC3"


"and I won`t get better but someday I`ll be free, `cause I`m not this body that imprisons me."






"Sou assim e não vou mudar. Se gosta de mim, que seja do jeito que eu sou."









"☮ ♫ ♪ ♥"



http://www.cindy-marlow.de/michelle.html

"WARNING: ive been known to accidentally blow up spots via twitter. sorry in advance"
"feel the L.O.V.E ღ"

"Living young and wild and free. "
"British vocalist, TV presenter and producer based in London, UK"




現代美術のウェブマガジン「カロンズネット」の更新情報をお知らせします！








"Forever \"26\""

"play baseball for the MacGregors and Nova Scotia Selects"






"I`m from MN...I`m 25yrs old I have 2 wonderful girl and 1 awsome son! I`m engaged to the man of my dreams! If u wanna know more ask!"
"I`m the strategic director of a company specialising in online communities and social innovation"

"Mid Atlantic!"


Distrustful-possessive-curious-sneaky-independent.





"Prom Consultant Specialist"


"I am a geeky redhead and I love to spend time doing absolutely nothing!"
"Hello, The name Lambie ring any bells? Anywho I`ll be tweeting whenever I feel the urge. Other than that I am a completely average human being. ;)"
"Aspirante à cientista da computaria.."
"Sarcastic bitch who just wants to hurt people....nicely."

"Hey (: My name is Elena, i`m 14 years old and i come from Germany.  I love shopping, meet my freinds, telephoning, swimming and so much more (: "





retired
"Web designeloper. I try to create things."
"友岡 邦之 TOMO-OKA, Kuni-yuki 大学教員（社会学・文化政策論）"


" "
"Communications Gal::HamptonU Grad::Sports Lover::Addicted to Family. - Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. -  "











"TwT Bing   Obrigado por nos seguir, Participe de nossas promoções e concorra a lindos prêmios. Aguardem... #twtbing"









"É fácil acreditar em alguém quando dizem exatamente o que você queria ouvir."
"More Mccartney than Lennon"









"Happily Married, mother of two. And i have one cat named Layla and a chihuahua named chica!"





(?)
"Cidadão deste lindo e temporário planeta terra. Antes de Consumir, pense no Meio Ambiente ;-)"





"games, jogos e baralho sao meus fortes; rodizio de massa e a la carte tbm. Comedy c/ Jim Carrey então, demorô! Química tenho como lazer e curtição."













"I ♥JESUS & PARENTS.. "








"Husband to Michelle, father to Adonijah, Isaiah, Grace, and Judah. Born in sin, slave to wickedness, saved by grace now a lover of Christ. "



"UofMemphis student and basically jobless"





















"Theatre Artist. Producing Infinitum with The Cheshire Unicorn at Toronto Fringe 2011. warning; there is no clown car in this show."

"no maraca vendo o mengao"



"My name is Eric and if you`re following me, then you either already know me or are a spambot. Either way, thanks for playing along!"






"neat, cool stuff"
"The difference between a Good Athlete and a Top Athlete is the top athlete will do the mundane things when nobody`s Looking. ---Susan True "


"Não tenho senso de direção, mas tenho senso de humor. Tô aqui, perdidão na vida, e fazendo piada disso.."

" living in the west of Ireland, where men are men and sheep are nervous."

"Associação Paulista dos Defensores Públicos "





"Cargo Freight Shipping website provides info and news about Logistics Operations Supply Chain Trucking Maritime Air Cargo Railroad Tracking Trade and Customs"
"An Archivist in Audio Visual Archives "







"National Fitness Business Owner"




"Busy Busy Busy"

Blessed




"BS-ICTM, DLSU-Manila If `being a boring person` is a sin, I`m probably in hell. "





"Engineer/Genius - into music, tennis, world domination.."








"um salve la pra minha qebrada ^^"
"You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together."
"Day Runner Day Planners, Organizers and Planner Refills help to simplify and organize your busy day"

"Odd yet Addfictive."










"Lighting Rep"











"God. Family. Friends. Boyfriend. "






"Owner at ACG Marketing"





"9teen years young   college gal   determined to make history in whatever I choose to be in life :p #teamME , #teamBiology & #teamSUCCESS :)"

"Solid State Drives, many choices."
"I`m a lovely young woman that believes in fairies, a mediocre writer that wants to play harpsichord one day"

"Cute Asian/Mexican, Social Media Expert, Nerd, Equal Rights Activist, Journalist, Photographer, Foodie, and Humanitarian."
"6`4 Sophomore O/D lineman for Harper College tryin to go D1"





"A Upcoming Artsist and the star of my webshow The Whatever Whatever Show"
"Nací el 17 de Julio de 1994, tengo 16 años, comprometida XP, amo a mis amigos, a mi familia, y odio la gente que no es honesta y cínica."


"Bake. Bus. Patrol. Bus. Patrol."










"Have an amazing: Husband/pup/family/friends/life! Working to get to my dreams :) Life is good!!!"


"Graphic Designer"


"Daily updates regarding SmartGrid, Renewable Development and Clean Technologies."

"Artis Malaysia"


"Keep on keepin` on"


















"I`m who I`ve got to be"



"zwijndrecht, 2-10-1986, relatie, cateringmedewerkster"





"Student der Volkswirtschaftslehre // WU Wien Auto-Liebhaber, Licht-Fetischist, Jazz’y, Do-it-yourself-geek, Diskutant. politisch: liberal! "
"is the glass half full or empty?....depends on where u start."











"Cel mai mare blog al nostalgiei"
"smart and too cool"


"watsz good twitter? The name is Bridget & im 19.. get to know me babyy. "

"NAO SEI!"



"Freshman at Seton Hall University. Diplomacy & International Relations Major, Political Science Minor. Georgian expatriate living in Jersey. Weekend Warrior."




"iim mixed"
"Kathryn/Kat/Gimpy. Horse rider, Little Monster, nerd, animal lover, misanthrope, atheist, paranormal-believer, anime-watcher, cosplayer, Jumbo, nonconformist. "
"Somos uma Radio Mix que tem como objetivo levar entreterimento e muita Musica!"



"mrs. hugh jackman"


"if ya wana kno something bout then hit me up"


"Cidade Ae Carvalho"

"Born Manchester in the UK. Working on developing online business. Now living in Queensland, Australia."



"married to my best friend, have an amzing family, and the greatest friends.  im a labor and delivery nurse. life is good. so blessed :)"



"Low Vision, Building Costodian, desiring to be a IT pro. "


"Live life by tha minute n enjoy every moment "

"Club Dj ... House/Electro/Trance"


"Twitter page for the Nonprofit Professionals Forum"
"Happy craft designer and soap maker"
"just a nice girl who likes stuff."
"WebDirector, InformationArchitect. Think. Feel. Log. Wanna be fair."
"I am the Color of Music..."







"Living the life."
"Well I`m a fun person to be with and thats all you need to know"





"Livin` and lovin` life"
"LRC & PUBLIC RELATIONSHIP,  i love my bike "
"We know how to fill our time with e-mail, activities, carpool, cleaning & our list of tasks. But do we know how to rest?"

"I`m  #VIP #Hustler #RihannaNavy #CrossBoner #BlackJack, movies freak, korean drama addict ;D "

"Mother of a very special child, Wife to whom I consider to be my Best Friend. Good Friend to those I love and respect."




"Kommunikasjonsrådgiver, blir lett avhengig av dataspill og hjertet mitt banker for øl/bøker/hjemler."



"Taxes are my life; I enjoy the challenge. Am an experienced Tax Research Specialist and Technical Writer with NATP. "
"imc2 tmobile finance"







"Social Media/PR/Marketing Educator, Coach & Strategist, Blogger, Book Yourself Solid Coach, Pop Music Addict, Dancer, Entrepreneur, Mom & Yellow Lab Lover"



"An immature, lazy, pseudo-intellectual artist."


フォローお気軽にどうぞ！伊独と英米/カイジやもろもろ雑食に
"Hi free ITUNES 9 Tracks (Link in my profile)"

"Chillin in Sunny Cali!!"
"hey im matt im 19 years old. i love music the basic stuff i like starts from black metal,thrash metal,heavy metal,soft rock,punk,soft rock "

"Follow me for food and fun around OC and LA area"
"Centro de Pós Produção no Rio de Janeiro. Ilhas Finalcut com monitoração Broadcasting pra locação. Serviço de Tape to Tape / Color Grading com Colorista."
"married.....got 2 kids...."





"I aM BeSt aT BeiNg Me So TaKe Me aS i aM oR WaTcH Me aS i Go ;)"
"Property Assistant working at Aberdein Considine in Ellon"



"Rocklin. Cheer. Boyfriend. Fuck Drama. Fuck Sluts. Fuck Bitches. Fuck tears. I love life :) 3"
"Mil cairão ao teu lado, e dez mil à tua direita, mas não chegará a ti. - Salmo 91"
"My name is Amanda. I am a model=] Justin Bieber followed and replayed me 09:45 PM Oct 6th 2009 and justins banana is yummy. xD"
"INTELLIGENT & BEAUTIFUL"
"I am a preacher/teacher/singer of the truth as it is in Christ.   Realizing and sharing Galatians 2:20-21 is my purpose in life."


"I am a Pure Romance Consultant. I love and enjoy what I do. Bachorlette Parties, Anniversary, Birthday, Just Because! "
"♪I don`t care if Monday`s blue, Tuesday`s grey and Wednesday too, Thursday I don`t care about you, it`s Friday I`m in love♪"

"KC Mom"

"Mesmo se soubesse que o mundo se desintegraria amanhã, ainda assim plantaria a minha macieira -Martin Luther King-"


"こんにちは。 お笑い・映画・本・料理・美容・動物・デザインが好きです。"
"Most of my life has been a hustle; still is, but I`m taking more time to smell the roses."




"We are awesome people on an awesome roadtrip!"
Lucy//Liverpool//Music
"Friendly. Loving. Mother. Proud. Sweet. Intelligent. Creative. Passionate. Smiling. Enthusiastic. Moody. Ambitious."












"DJ, Husband to beautiful wife and father to 3 gorgeous children"

"Husband to 1, Father to 3.  Interests: Boston sports, reading, eukanuba dog food. "
"Gadget Geek"



"Artist, Game Designer, Philanthropist."


"Tratando de conquistar el mundo ;)"
"I`m wicked "





"Music. fashion. boys. party. alcohol. athlete. concerts. food. sleep. art. friends. sun. city. realist. keep smiling, life`s good. :)"

"CIVIL SERVANT"








"I LIKE PIE!!!!!!"
"20 something.boston sports lover. tone it up team member. "

"I love you too sincerely not to talk to you frankly."





"what am i even doing here?"
"vocalist, guitarist, songwriter, producer"






"Writer for examiner.com. Pop Culture Junkie always looking for her next fix..."
"tall(very tall,in asia only),cute(ugly but acceptable),artistic(not exactly),creative(kinda),anything else?"

"絵描き、 主に肌色が多い絵を好んで描きます。 人体錬成に失敗した時に女子の心を持っていかれた為 変態紳士の部分だけ残りました。 男性向女性向共に紳士です。 いないときはTL追えてません フォロー＆ざっくりリムブロックご自由に"






"Designer. Entrepreneur. Family Man."



"Born in Belgium, raised in Hawaii now living in Kiev!! Hula, Water polo, Swimming :)"


"Call Me Miss INdependent.....BASICALLY ! Work and School....Ill leave the hating up to you boo ! *taken* Call me Mz Tate"



"Finanças! Corporativas e PF"

Hi.








"I speak my mind"






"A Public Bank officer and a pole dancer who loves to be the centre of attention"



"I am very energetic. I love to hang out with my loser friends jk and go shopping for shoes and and crazy colorful skinny jeans of course. I am single right now "

"Semi-retired brutal dictator."



"Love to Live, Love and Laugh"



"Billy Joel, vodka tonics, beaches, non educational books, pina coladas and getting caught in the rain"








"I`m boy from Moscow. I`m interested in some IT-Technology. And I have my own opinion about world around me."


"Dont get it twisted. You no nothing. "
"geeky, jovial, and fun guy who enjoy`s getting the max out of our technology and is blessed to have found a way to make a living helping others do the same"

"I have some fancy pants. But I don`t often wear them."








"thirtysomething Swede living in South London with husband and three guinea pigs. Excited about new project of delivering a mobile clinic to Sierra Leone. :-)"

こんにちは。
"LA fetish-industrial clubs"










"	- I like weird things. Weird may not always be good, but weird`s always different. ♥ "

"20, potiguar, católico, estudante de Publicidade & Propaganda (UFRN). Web Designer (SENAC) e Técnico em Edificações (IFRN). Vocação para consultor e orientador."
"geek on the inside  =)"

"coffee drinker who loves to discuss politics and tabloid headlines all in the same conversation."











"Love yourself. Be genuine. Life is short. Never settle. Spend time with the people you love. Live every moment like it`s your last. Spread crazy love!"


"Everyday is another opportunity 4 ME 2 Live,Laugh,Love& EMBRACE it aLL Wit NO Regrets! #TeamIPHONE4 #TeamBLACKBERRY #TeamYELLABONE #TeamVIRGO  "


"Discovering Life"



"I weave an intricate web of sophisticated discourse and  complex cognitations for the enlightened fool"


"Who let these kids in the house?"





"Twitter is my outlet "



"Según Urbe y que soy periodista.  Trabajo en  diario La Verdad desde el 30 de octubre del 2008, en el área de Zulia (cuerpo b) y en Sucesos."


"Php MySQL Developer   Graduate Studies International Business   BSc Information Technology   AA Pre-Law"













"just a single mom looking for love in all the wrong places"









"21 year old young female..... seeking better things in life and soon the sun and the skies will be mine"

"I don`t really like to talk about myself."
"ZPoint relieves stress & restores peace with deep relaxation. I release the source of negative beliefs to allow LOA to manifest. Get unstuck today!"










"Estudiante de diseño gráfico y/o por ende, noctámbula. Me gusta el yogurth con cereales, el café y los gatos."
"I LOVE MY FAMILY & MY LIFE..esp... my hubby"

"Outdoors type, love golf, swimming, beach, lake, traveling. Real Estate Sales Agent, prior military, love to read, spend time with friends and family."


"just living life and learning on the way"




"What to do when all you knew is no longer an option."
"publisher, gardener, promoter of active, thoughtful, networked citizenry (Local matters!)"

"Wit beyond measure is man`s greatest treasure."




"IAMuzikthefuture...Now Or Never! "




"I`m korean, and I LOVE music!"
"Un gran pensador de pequeñas ideas."

"Una Madre muy Padre. Amiga incondicional, hermana piola, hija rebelde, nieta consentida, novia fiel. Viajera empedernida. Mamá de Mateo. Una chica felíz ♥"


"Like to laugh and have a good time when appropriate"
"Silvina Krijger has studied and practiced Yoga with Yoga Masters Wayne Krassner, Daniel Aaron, David Williams and more..."



"Vagabond. Marketer. Brand Rep. Gaga Enthusiast. Spewing truth from my fingertips. ARIVE. RAISE HELL. LEAVE."

"Landauer Str. 3, 76855 Annweiler"









"Our Lady of the Lakes 1974 St. Mary`s College 1978"
"For over thirty years, Green Biz has been providing the region with superior quality landscaping products and services."
"i live in new york, im fun and im pregnant thats it"


"A Women`s Gym in a Spa-like Environment"



"i`m reception currently. i love rock, famous pop songs... n still single :D"











"London based account planner. I`m addicted to documentaries & have really curly hair. Definitely nomadic in a previous life."

"I am a psychologist and sexologist. Rise above the noise and chaos for change and success! To success, personally, professionally and sexually."

"21years old, Belgium, Believes in her dreams."


Jornalista.
"My names Abbey.. Im 15 :) I just made this account cause i get bored alot heh."


"My name is Khalidah. I love♥ to sing♫♪♫. I♥ASIANPEOPLE! lol. Hit me up if you have any questions or wanna talk ;)"

"Principal Broker & Co-Owner, Arnold Realty, LLC Co-Owner, Misty Meadow Farm, where we breed & show AMHA registered miniature horses "




"Christian, love to read"
"i like milk"
"It`s amazingly weird how reading a couple of words or writing a couple of lines could carry the world that was upon your shoulders and set you free "

"You wanna know something about me, just ask. Gives ya a good chance to meet me. Shall we exchange pleasantries, my good sir?"

"Experienced industry professional serving both individuals, and business bookkeeping needs, I also Specialize in Realestate and Property Management Bookkeeing"

"lying here on the floor, where you left me. I think I took too much."

"katy. 19. single. cosmetology. party."






"A Pretty GIRL LOOKING FOR LOVE AND SOME ONE I COULD TRUST "




"CEO of Upshot.  Upshot strives to engage consumers through simple ideas brilliantly activated with a focus on brand, promotion, retail and regional marketing."


"I am an undiscovered poetress and photographer living on the southern coast of Maine"


"frooom dirtty jersey3 14 yeaars young..albaniaan (;"
"News and information about Native Canadians."


"20, Went Fred Longworth HS, then Winstanley now at UCLAN doin pharmacy degree :D you should know me by now "


"I like politics and comedy. These interests tend to overlap. I am a true Corkonian but live in Sarf Lahhhndon. Um. That`s it."














"sou um cara estrovertido gosto de fazer amizades"
"One hippie loving girl and a ruggedly handsome outdoorsman equal two fun loving WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHERS! "
Awesome!
"love technology"




"Taking life as easy as I can."


"e-librarian at Randers Public Library. Web x.x, democratic-innovation, transperency, Moodle, collaborative openlearn in libraries, usertraning and -empowerment"


"ICU nurse working in downtown Chicago. Love elephants, the color green, coffee, reading, Kevin, thunderstorms, naps, big families and Australian Cattle Dogs."


"ChiroTouch is a fully-customizable and comprehensive chiropractic practice management solution customized to fit the specific needs of your practice."
"OOH media planner"
"Saving cats! Helping people keep their companion animals and reducing the euthanasia rate in Central Illinois"



"Graphic designer. Tennis player. Wine enthusiast."

"I`m and English major and Elementary education. I love my friends and family more than anything."

"i never take my own thoughts seriously,let alone say them aloud to anyone..the irony of this is fun =]"


"Enfranchising ALL Americans in 60 secs while holding legislators accountable & responsible to MyDemocracy`s collective voices. Members building coalitions."
"All humans, somewhere within, have the urge to be heroic; to transcend circumstances, to develop one’s powers, to overcome adversity, to stand up and be counted"


"...Morgan...I am a weird, annoying type of girl who is crazy about black-and-white movies and Jazz music...fun..."
"okay my name`s Tanya, but I prefer it spelled like Tanja. but you can call me phat beotch, I dont mind."

"enxugando gelo..."







"Cool Cat with an attuide of authority . Loves chicken , long cat naps and my owners or should I say pets . Crafty , Sweet and cute and loving."







"Wife, Former Corporate Flight Attendant, Friend, Pet Lover"
"Um cara que ama a pessoa que está ao seu lado, e curte a vida, motos e a logística."
"In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.- George Orwell"
"In a Relationship, Junior in High School, Althetic, Loving kid, Don`t mess with my girl or family"


"Pround daddy of two georgous little angels. jungling between being a good husband, a great daddy and a crazy party animal..  not easy but possible... "
"Wife to Chris since 2007 and mum to gorgeous Chloe born April 2010. Am sports mad and love St Helens RL and Tottenham Hotspur"




"The odd ball o.O .im me. Never another statistic. vintage fein. child of God. Artist in making. Stalk me to fame because giving up was never an option. "








"Ungkalv fra Vesterålen som for øyeblikket bor, jobber og studerer i Oslo."

"Eu sou minha maior Dúvida!"






"Ingeniero, Seneca student, y Mas Maracucho q un patacon"













"Budding wordsmith, blogging sports (both real and video game)."
"Crooks & Castles  , I Guess Im Cosigning"
"Software Engineer and Researcher interested in Social Networks, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Recommendation, Personalization and Intelligence Services."
"So You Dream To Be But Only As Far As You Can See, But Its Plain To See Im What You Dream / Dictated But Not Enforced / "
"jogador de video game e apostador da mega sena"








сантехник...колдырь



"Ihr Online Fenster in die faszinierende Welt der Luftfahrt und Aviatik."





"18, Aspiring writer"


"The XBO Twitterbot!"

"I hope my jokes about rape, death, AIDS, and cancer come off as warm and as charming as they do in my head."

http://about.me/gabia





"Experienced CEO - Working with CEOs to define & dominate their unique market -See our 9 Playbooks here at The Portfolio Partnership"







"Save Money to Make Money"

"MARCIO, MISSIONARIO."
"Think Lovingly. Speak Lovingly. Act Lovingly."















"Igreja Apostólica Fonte da Vida, Orlando, FL video/film freak"
"Co-Founder of @MediaLightbox"
"Business owner, mother of 2 sons, married to a cool guy, lucky to have fabulous friends and family."














"Varsity Baseball & Varsity Basketball."
"I have no idea how to work twitter...just added people."




"You didn’t come in a prepackaged format, and neither should your food! MojaMix has created the perfect way to express yourself: in mouth-watering cereal form!"







"Adicto a Internet, Friki de Transformers, amante del rock"

"Potterhead!! ϟ"


"Think about the strangest person you know. I might just outstrange them. Is outstrange even a word? Should it be hyphenated?"

BOO

"a girl with big dreams =]"





"i am 25 years old and a new mommy. My little girl was born 7/10/09.Jaycee Dale"
"LEED-AP and PMP focused on sustainable construction and green building practices along with sustainable living"
"rescatate gil"





"Revista mensal do site AltaSociedade de Frutal-MG de distribuição gratuita."


"Stay at home mommy. Have 5yr old daughter whom is my world! "

"Why aren`t we at Dorsia?"


"Professional Dancer & Model Working in London...."









unmemorable



"I`m a .NET Developer and Consultant, living in Toronto.  I love traveling, photography and the latest and greatest in tech."





"Loves ♥ - Music  - Friends - Eyeliner  - Gigs - Oreos - Shopping - Clothes - Straighteners - Friends  - cuddles&kisses"




"Very Snaxy"
"lovable, simple n unpredictable"
"Spaniard. Londonist. Fashionist. Veggie. Mother Earth defender. Languages lover. ES-EN-ES translator. Writer. Music freak."
"Single (now) white female"





Manager
"Living life like its golden :)"





"We are two Welsh Section Ds who use this blog to keep our admirers up-to-date with our latest adventures"



"not really into twitter "









Gaming





"No alcanza con 160 caracteres, apenas para la queja. Ah, es verdad, me quejo harto... jajajajajaja"






"The Puget Sound Partnership is a community effort of citizens, governments, tribes, scientist and businesses working together to restore and protect Puget Sound"
Genuine








"Upstate NY unit of the Fighting 501st Legion (501st.com)"

"Wife, Mom of Four, Real Estate Investor, Business Owner"



"Oh hallo daar."




"Blue Lotus Lifestyle Beverage is a Premium Bevage Mixer.  Made from pure cane sugar, B Vitamins, caffeine, and Egyptian Blue Lotus Flower Extracts"
"I love arranging luxury holidays for my clients and thats why I work for www.holidaysplease, I also read and drink wine and enjoy my garden "














"Sagittarius,fun, friendly, genuine, refreshing,loyal, annoying, stalkerish, freaky, cute, childish... "
"im alex, i go to hagerty and i play varsity football and im # 75."
"Personal Trainer and Writer. Check out my blog `The Cobra`s Pit` "











"I eat your sounds and give you pitch"

腐注意　現在はタイバニ兎虎本命でリバも食べる（バニ厨）　APHは仏受、他西受など雑食　成人済　日常ツイートが多いです　義務教育終えてる方でお仲間と確認出来る方のみ、F/Rご自由に！それ以外の方はこちらの判断でブロックさせていただく場合があります。ばなびちゃんかわいいが口癖


"GIS Professional for the Oil & Gas industry"




"Where Lil’ guys and girls reading in the south reign!"
Nothing...




"skate board"











"Its all about Jeep`s and Holidays"

"тот самый маклер"



"Life is what you make of it so do ur best at "









"Give Me Cupcakes:July.17th Curently;[X]Sinqle♥ I Kud Be Shy,But i Kno How to Hav Fun.Just Get to Kno Me i Guarante Yul Nvr Find Som1 Like Me. -follow mee(:"

大学生/画像処理/公務員/civ厨/人狼わかめて/codmw2プレ4-70/スパ4AE/ff11芝鯖/ff14mysidia鯖/MHFﾊﾝｹﾞ1鯖/シュタゲ狂信者/ゲームオタク/AfterEffects/お絵かき/やりたいことが多くなってきた。時間をいかにして使うかが今の課題。
"I am a government employee on Fort Hood.  A web developer/system admin to be more specific.  I am a huge Warcraft Nerd."






"A modern-day mystic & yogi focused on nonduality, awakening, and enlightenment.  Also host & producer of the bi-weekly podcast, ‘Out of Our Minds`."


"Music is my passion; I listen and produce. Simple as that. "

"there can only be one king"





"첨단 산업 기술에 관심이 많은 회사원입니다. 그냥 기술 뉴스를 공유하고 싶은 마음입니다."




"Trabalho com TI desde 1994, atualmente gerenciando equipes de sistemas e infra-estrutura."

"Born and raised in the Chi! Love the youngen`"






"i tweet, therefore i`m not..."

"LOVE STAR WARS AND THE FLORIDA MARLINS AND TAKING PICTURES"
"LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST"





"im me your you prase god!!"
"Is 20...LIVING & LOVING COLLEGE LIFE @ BSU ! LUV`s 2 have FUN & is a FAT GURL @ HEART ! Lmao WHEN u get 2 know ME it will something that u w"

"I love it when you call me big papa. And I definitely love all things music, food, air, water, movies, and video games. (Not necessarily in that order.)"
"Me: Design.Art.Music.3Dgraph-student.Daughter.Girlfriend.Bigsister.Friend.26.Rollerskater.Guitar.Photography.Screen.TextileScreen.Vegetarian+fish.Granddaughter."


" "


"Well i am 34..i am loving life..and i have an amazing husband "

"Sou o mesmo Renato Café do orkut, o mesmo renatofilgueira do msn e o mesmo caferenato daqui do twitter =)"



"I am the best, like a celebrity in L.A. My city is my movie. Barbers don`t come a dime a dozen we shine like 6 or 7 cousins.  "



"Software Evangelist   Apple lover   Web developer   iPhone developer   iPad developer   Android developer   Gadget freak   Social media   Linchpin"

"She`s probably as beautiful as an early autumn pomegranate wine  "







"Reader & writer. Public affairs pro. Love books, writing, tech, quotes, causes, sci-fi, my mustang, coconut cream pie. Writing book."





"On Sundays I drink tea and dream about pirates..yes I pillaged this"
"Jason Doulgass   Business Development Manager   Capital Merchant Solutions, Inc.   Direct Line: 309-834-0203   Industry Experience: 8+ yrs at CMS"



"Tiroler Dialekt vs. Hip Hop Kultur „Jamin“ "




"Moved to Greensboro, NC...found Heaven! We love this place!"







"-lives to love & have a good time doing it :) -featured in KING magazine for bookings, contact Arthur Donaldson: Arthur@arabellemodeling.com"








"Tweet tweet."





"Só os loucos sabem ♪"



"I`m hangin` tough. "





passionate.
"you can have my freedom when you pry it from my cold dead hands!!!! Live free or die "




"Vocalista e guitarrista de uma das bandas cover mais expressiva do Brasil, como cover do Metallica. Acesse nosso site para contratar ou consultar nossa agenda."

"im 20 yrs old soon to be 21 im in relationship wit jamaal we have a 2yr old daughter dat means everything to us..living my life enjoyin it to da fullest.iluvme "
Black_Indian.


"I was made to believe there`s something wrong with me"




"É a possibilidade que me faz continuar e não a certeza. E embora me possam chamar sonhador, louco ou qualquer  coisa, acredito realmente que tudo é possível..."
"Loving horses, wildlife, quiet country life."









"Hello! I am an Avon Independent Sales Representative! Fan my facebook page , Avon/annettedurr . "



"Paulista de criação, carioca de coração Radilista por formação."

"I watch too much telly, I drink too much coffee and I make too many lists."
"Tentando aprender a mexer nissoo!!"
"Assistant Professor at National-Louis University"









"I`m me, if you don`t like it than that`s your problem. I do what I love and that`s what keeps me going."








"Wild and Crazy"
"true believer"

"If Life was easy, where would all the adventures be? ;)"
"I`m a lover, not a fighter... but I`m a fighter too, so keep your gloves up."

"Aymee-CEE! Yarrrrrrrrrrrrrr! :) x"

"New home Community by Keystone Custom Homes in Lancaster, PA. Townhomes & single fam homes."
"www.last.fm/user/natalia_xd  "




"Adjunct instructor of English and writing. I study 20/21st c American literature and culture and find most things interesting."















"Sorry. In advance."





"طالبة جامعية قسم اللغة الإنجليزية"





"Lubelski Klub Krytyki Politycznej"
"Go go gadget"










"Praying for good news!"











"You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity."
"Creepy goth scary will kill you if has to"


"i love helping others and having fun :)"
"TAlkative, with sense of humour, easy to interract with"


"If I made a fool on the road, there`s always Twitter."

"here i am"
"I`m a fool."
"I love fried chicken. "


"I`m a belieber guy and I`m proud of it :) I`m from Bulgaria and I`m 17yo.."



"hi im stu :P "





















"SAS and Futrix Administrator/Adjunct Professor and founder of the Citi In-House SAS User Group"

"loves my fiance"


"Working Sports and Motorsport Photographer, covering Rugby, Diving, Swimming & other Olympic Sports (oh and footie!). Also MINI owner and Car nut."
"My Sensible Team formed Sensible Computing Solutions serving the Chesapeake area in Virginia"



"own my own biz tryn to golf everyday lovez my babycakes"
"UMSL student"





"A Beautiful Life in America"






"Supporter and Season Ticket holder of Bristol City FC and fan and One Utd member of Man Utd, I love football and chat randomness"






"Single and loving it!!"







"A proud mother of a handsome baby boy by the name of Ki`Vion he`s my world and i could not picture life without him...."
"Kia ora  : )"


"Grandfather of three wonderful children, baseball/Golf lover....very proud of all my three sons. In the wholesale clothing business  "





"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement -C. S. Lewis. Junior biochemist/softball player at DePauw. I enjoy pasta, walks on the beach.... ; ) "
"Here`s the deal. I`m the best there is. Plain and simple. I wake up in the morning and I piss excellence."

BOOM
"You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. -Friedrich Nietzsche"



"Single mom"















"Texan transplanted to NOLA. Caffeine addict. Public health worker. Data hoarder."
"tweet tweet"

"Venu de l`année 1983 pour poster des tweets"
Eighteen



"hey whats up im jack aka jacklin , well i guess im supost two wirte somthin so hear gos nothin "

"Husband, uncle, friend, baker, marketeer. I like nice things, nice people & photos. I`m a free bitch, baby."



"✔ Verified Account"
"I`ve  ~ Inge ~ Little Monster ~ 06/27 ~ Artist ~ Fashionista ~ @ladygaga Mother Monster you`ve changed my life ♥ ~"
"Modulo is the industry’s leading global enterprise provider of comprehensive Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) management solutions."




"이거 너무 어렵지 아니한가,"





"Purveyor of rap lyrics."

"Come at me real...Dont lie...Dont bullshit...Ask me if i have weed on me cause i probably do...We roll it...We light it.....Its all love mayute."





"Tenho 16 anos, Rock N` Roll é vida! :P"

"The Usual Suspect"




"☮ maker, ♥ breaker, ツ giver, ♪♫ lover, rock ★, $ taker & Ѽ reader. Uh..yeah! I thingk that pretty much sums it up. "

"I`m here, I`m not queer so deal with it!"


"Petitioning for the right to have the Parthenon Marbles, in the British Museum, return to their birthplace in Greece, along with the other half of them."













"Ima rare breed. Promise, theres not another like me. Short. Sweet. && 2 the point. Even tho, I may be alil shy at first, i dont hold anything back."


"tweett like a chick"
"o estado de embriaguez é o padrão em minha vida."

"공정무역, 노동자생활협동조합, 커피, 카페, 바른 먹을거리, 슬로우푸드, 로컬푸드, 식품첨가물, 트랜스지방, 당, 바리스타, 쇼콜라띠에, 카페티모르, soul36.6, fc서울"












"I AM SALESMAN CAR, I LIKE TOO MUCH SOCCER PLAY AND WATCH OFF COURSE."

"in order to get to know me,i got to get to know u!"



http://www.orkut.com.br/Main#Profile?uid=1823776370584327867
"Um estudante de Sistemas de Informação."

"FREE TAN"




"Empathy   Harmony   Adaptability   Futuristic   Communication"
"I`m a cool kid. Nuff said."

"Brofessional Awesomist - Riveting musings and sage-like wisdom."



"Let ur light shine and all of the bugs of the world will find u!  LOL:-)"

"If your following me, I`m sure you know me. "
"Deranged funny person, recovering from Brain surgery and suffers short term memory loss..... has a poor attention spa.....oooo cake."





"Living the juggle struggle and striving for the peace that passes all understanding. "
"*ΣΣΣ*, FSU, Dance Team, Vive La France!:) -----Fais de ta Vie un Rêve, et d`un Rêve, Une Rέalitέ. ♡ "





"i am a songwriter of pop rock i wanna share my music with everbody ......"
" "












"Jerz state of mind, with a Carolina lean!!!"


"`Se tudo é relativo,Então, por que o vazio nas nossas almas?`"





"Just a TN fella stuck in GA for awhile."
"Fun southern gal who loves my friends and family, music, reading, swimming, fishing, volleyball, badminton, riding fourwheelers and going to the lake and beach."









"Curioso, entusiasmado e amante da tecnologia. Vamos ver que bangunça dá neste Tweeter !!!!!"







"estudante na cidade do conhecimento e de muita loucura"


"Be Kind To Those Who Meet You As You Rise...You May Meet Them Again As You Fall!"






"See me to earn big money"
"Pessoa de bem com a vida e em busca de novos objetivos..."
"Esoteric Astrology"



"Always remember,true friends are like Diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like autumn leaves...FOUND EVERYWHERE! Stay Blessed! "










"Estudante de Engenharia Cartográfica, tenho 20 anos, meio dificil escrever sobre mim =P"




"Student of Dentistry USU - Creative of @MostFMedan - Secretary of @LiquidPro - an @AFmed "


"Loves every one"


"19, Shoebury. Harry Potter. Miley Cyrus. Leonardo DiCaprio. Waterloo Road."

"Manufacturer`s rep for TorcUP Inc. Manufacturer of the best hydraulic bolting tools in the industry. Made in the USA"

"gan jau es reiz būšu pasaul`s slavens mākslinieks"
"Art Director"






"still looking for my one true love... "

"Six Pack VBC 18`s Coach & Club Director, PA for UNIVB,"



"Techno/Tek house - Dj/Producer from Los Angeles, CA currently residing in Atlanta, GA"


"facebook-aholic. friendly with 2 dogs in a rain burst belfast. always on facebook"


"Shes got WiNgS!! SOARING HIGH!! ;-)"


"Ambitious, Non-Believer (in Love), Sometime Gulable, SHY, But Funny (when i want to be) Dificult to make friends BUT when made They Are My Friends For Life"


"Seek the company of those looking for the truth. Run away from those who`ve found it. - Deepak Chopra"
"singer.baddest boss dis far"



"fun luvin and sexy girl"
"nothing much about me,just like other ordinary girl.hu..but i hate mimicking, and hypocrite, tq :)"

"Estrategias de Marketing en Internet y Comunicación Corporativa. Consultor de Seguridad en Redes. Campusero, Aldeano, Músico, Cursi y Organizador de Mitotes 2.0"


"I am Founder of Rockers Technologies. i having 4 years experience Marketing, Project management and co-ordination. Domain Expert is Project Documentation"



"If everything happens for a reason then I certainly don`t need one for what I`m doing right now. . ."






"GameBattles Site Admin, MLG Event staff"



"redhead. vegetarian. poet. maneater."




"Open Sourсe, Linux новости по русски"


"Don`t part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live."


"li††le monster @ps3, @ladygaga  #F4F "




"crazy over east asian culture, full-time stanning 대국남아. learning 한국어 and 日本語 along with native tongues english and 中文."










"HaChaim Magazine is a monthly image magazine of Torah and News. It`s an amazing chareidi family magazine with loads of photos "
"Bassing, believing, creating..."


"Avid yelper, The Burger Hunter`s Diary, San Diegan, video enthusiast, beer/dog lover, karaoke addict, dive bars, Star Wars, eBay, movies fan + FIND YOURSELF!"


"i love watching tv"




"I am a German Teacher in PA.  I am interested in collaborative projects with other language teachers and am the creater of the Gnome project"


"I`m Sabrina Fresoli I`m slightly insane"
"Redator, F.biz"





"Ethnobotanical researcher/educator, Clinical Herbalist/Nutritionist ,Hoopdancer, Singer,Lover of life & laughter! Shine ur LUVLIGHT! "
"Overly conceited & cute !!"











"avid online gamer, blogger, reader, people watcher"
"Mum to Matt, Born in Zim, Grew up in South Africa, sister to Libs and Rich, sister in law to Kieran and Apple, Aunt to Kim and Ross other girls Becs and Rachel"






"Tumi is the leading international brand of premium travel, business and lifestyle accessories. Tweets marked JG are from Tumi CEO Jerome Griffith."









Eh?
"add bbm 26756e34 also facebook! bronson `bronse` paskin ! ;)"
"5th grade teacher who loves technology"
"Sustainability can be achieved. Believe in the creative power you were given by your creator. Believe in it in others. Inspire people to be little creators."



"Komosion is a digital agency. Home of Komodo CMS and expert in design, IA, SEO and online marketing."




"over 200 times watching VM so far"








"Comunicador social UCAB. Publicista / Marketing y comunicación política - Advertiser / Marketing and political communication."










"germany platform for fashion designer"
"parties aim water kisses shoes swimming"






"Analista de Sistemas, Negro Lindo Sorteiro e Atleticano fanático!"



"I`m not a shittalker. Don`t follow me. I will not ever follow you back! "




"Estudante de Direito. Trabalho atualmente numa rede varejista."





"I wish weed looked like a jolly raindow!!"
"I love my haters they are the ones that motivate me!!!"
"Rock Vocalist, Musician, Song-Writer, Actor, Face Melter.   www.twitter.com/idxmusic --- Band Twitter "







"see my website for what, where, who I am.."
"I am studying to become a music teacher...I love crime dramas mostly New Tricks, and CSI and i am addicted to Loose Women. xxxx"




"iM Loving The Wifey, Lovin readin books tv muzik!!"

"19 year old guitar playing, Futurama loving student."


こんなアイコンですが、アラサー男。たまにぼやいたりしていきますので、よろしくお願いします。

"F0RMERLY @ITS_DRAYLA ..iM N0T A STAR. S0MEB0DY LiED. =)"









"simply-extraordinary person.. "

"I am cooooool guy"

"i`m a musician. piano, guitar, singing, wrting songs. that`s my passion. ima be famous one day"

"i love to have fun.!"
"Security consultant, ITSec &  fanboy."

"I`m 21. I don`t drink or smoke. I`m in College and I speak on what`s on my mind, not yours. #Educated #ILoveChrist #IDontLikeBarbies #ILoveMyGirlfriend "
"Document Scanning and EHR Quotes"
"Antidote to creative industry bullshitters in Birmingham and asker of important questions."








"Singer,songwriter, actor, activist..."



"Ingeniero de sistemas - Bogotá (Colombia) - @martyndev"







"CollegeStudent Bisexual Crazy FreeSpirit Vegetarian Cheerleader Stoner RecoveringCigaretteSmoker HoplessRomantic Chilean MetalHead Hungry Lover Protector Fiesty"

"Wine nut. Foodie. Sports junkie. Politics wonk.  Professional nomad."

"Bales Clothing Co.District Manager for the NYC area/ Being a leader is like being a lady,if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren`t. -M.T."





"ガッチガチのタイムラインアニメーション派ですが何か？ 伊集院光とバスケとアニメーション、水曜どうでしょうをこよなく愛する31♂。 お芝居でMotionDive使って舞台映像出してたりもします。 アニメはFlashで。実写は取り敢えず撮ってきて切って貼ってぐらいです。 ちなみにHR5程度の実力しかありません。"
"CR VASCO DA GAMA /✠/"
"The one at school. Yeah, the one who falls over everything. Yep, thats me."
"Music & family....Family & music....."
"Licenciado en Administración Pública, egresado de la B.U.A.P. actualmente comentarista de terreno de los Pericos de Puebla"




"Pastry Chef will-be . Trying to create a new bun :P"
"1. I want to be the world`s best husband & dad. 2. I want to be a part of igniting a movement for the glory of God in San Diego & to every end of the Ea"
"Graduation Rings & Jewellery for Art Colleges and Universities"








低温高湿の部屋に寝起きしております。濃縮耽美人生が目標。
"AvilA is consulting, technology, outsourcing and local professional services. To use our expertise to the benefit of our clients and partners thr` open approach"








"I can do it!"


"Geek before geek was cool. Book rights manager by day, fitness enthusiast & wife/puppy momma by night. Music, travel, wine, food, sci-tech & sci-fi lover."
"Venezolano.... Convencido de que la Grandeza esta en los Detalles...."







"Time is Gold... "






"19 i love sammyk  gossip girl lady gaga"
"I`m the worldbest half-dutch/ german girl ever ;) Ask my best friend, if u dont want to just belive me "

"Renewable energy and green tech enthusiast and human, civil and animal rights  and environmental activist"





HeyThereHiThereHoThere

http://www.relaxationtools.net



"I Stay To Myself. I Don`t Fuck With Too Many Peoples. Niggas And Bitch`s Don`t Know How To Act Right Now-A-Days. 100% Real. No Time For Fakes. From Brooklyn, NY"




"Dream a Big Opportunity Think International Business with Monavie with This Product Has 19 Fruits that Science and Research Show Results in Better Health"




"I`m the cutest baby alive "


"My name is Mary. I love music and I laugh too much. Get to know me."

"Enfermeiro, sagitariano, procurando independência e conquistas pessoais. Ainda há muito que aprender !!! =)"







"ATTJohnathon now provides support through @ATTTeamSusan. Please contact me there or at @ATTCustomerCare for help with your AT&T products and services."
"Likes David Bowie, cats, BBC, the police, sausages and geography. Hopes to present the weather."















"A person`s a person, no matter how small. "
"bo$$ :)"

"soy una ser humano con valores y etica profesional"

物語を食べて生きています



"Lifelong Student of Health, Marketing and RV Travel"





"Trust me friends i`m a fan of sleeping, but tonight adventure conquers dreaming."



"SharePoint, family, assisting clients, live music and getting my weekly fix of Body Attack!"



"Law student"


"i just wanna have fun"


"Living in New Zealand since 2007 and loving it after having lived in Germany for over 20 years."



"*Happiness is only real when shared* by #ChristopherMcCandless - That`s why i`m here!! #TwitterAddicted ^^"

"well, I`m outgoing, friendly, fun, and crazy! I love music,animals, beer/Sailor Jerry  and good times!  "



"totally small-town girl working at getting my bachelor of science in nursing :) <3 love a nurse ;)"
"you dont tell CARIZ what to do."



half.ass.
"fun loving - ever faithful"
"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"

"Brandon Manitoba weather updates courtesy eBrandon.ca"


"Trying to make the M4S a reality..."


"Entertainment and technology writer for the Los Angeles Times"
"Black,5ft??,Likes Bpink nail varnish, Happily in love!!3"

"バムセ好きなoptimistic,romantic,sentimental,ambicious man。"

ゆるい特撮おたく・Laurant・どうバカ安田国民・ttn厨・みぎてん厨／ひとり上手／生存確認＆実況用／アレな話は別の方でね／FRB気まぐれ／好きなものはweb参照／鍵はつけたりつけなかったり

"former athlete, current father and fan"


"Brooklyn-based product design company and retailer dedicated to contemporary mens & women`s gifts, furniture and lifestyle accessories...cool & contemporary."


"Not you and never be like you. perfectly imperfect."
"I`m on an adventure in Russia teaching English to little kids right now, but originally I am from California! Orange County is where my heart will always be :)"


xbox360大好き

"Media Buying machine by day.East London bound socialiser by night.Advertising Chap Passionate about TV,Digital Media and Random Inspiration."


"Hey! I`m Camii,a normal girl(until now)I Love  to sing,dance nd act!My Bestiies Sofii,Jochi,Vera and JUSTIN BIEBER  I follow back ;) Check out my youtube page"








"Middle-aged conservative FEMALE attorney."
"Worry not my dears..."
"Often goes by the name of Chrishop.  Will usually tweet about anything that randomly pops into my head... Loves Scrabble"




"Mt Warning B&B Retreat, NSW, is on 5 acres of beautiful rainforest with guest rooms, s/c flat & yurt accommodation, just 5 minutes to Mt Warning NP."

"in a loveing new relationship atlast"
"engineer @ twitter, canadian, uwaterloo alum, gamer, geek. a dragon for life."




"CRM guru/techie/guitarist/chicken farmer/marathon runner/wine snob/entrepreneur/rad dude"
"I`m not here to break any news and I`m not particularly tapped into any exclusive sources of information.  Hopefully, I can make you laugh with my observations."

IT/TA/DBA/NE/기술기획/서대문/광화문/커피/보드/스윙/O형/단무지/용당870호/잘살잣!!!!/^^;;


"Wife, mother, nursing student."





"Professional western and Vedic Astrologer, healer, writer and teacher. Facilitates a unique workshop entitled `Healing Your Birth Story`. "

"Partner & Creative Director of @StudioOutput. I`m the one on the right. Not politically though."

"studing masters in london : human rights loves football .. im the simple kind of guy ;)"














"Find out why they pay ME to shop at CouponKim.com"


"Xbox 360 Rapid FIre Remotes"
crazy
"musician,drummer,percussionist,teacher,Tanz-Begleiter. Studium(ArtEZ).Bis 2009 in NL als Schlagzeuger und Percussionist tätig.Seit 2009 in Duisburg beheimatet."



"I`ma computer geek, professionally!"
"I believe that what we do, flows from who we are "
"I Am Outgoing And Random And Funny "




"3 pretty, pretty, pink pandas  "



http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000029674558&ref=mf
"Made in the 80`s and born to rock. "
"I love God, my fam, my friends, football, food, women and gaming...in that order!"

"We Are South Florida`s Premier Car Wash Facility. Open 24 Hours a Day!! Watch for SPECIAL DISCOUNTS HERE ON TWITTER!! On Pines / Hollywood Blvd & University Dr"






"it`s me !!!!!"

"21 yrs young fun loving always smiling love to shop eat and have fun xoxoxo"
"just a normal person. :) "

"Opted for the low tech park - winemaker"



"I`m 20years old.I`m studying Photography.I love writing,singing,photography and most of all my boyfriend! ! "
"Sweet river talkin` wild. "





Tuhaf







"Father,Husband,Rapper,Producer,Barber"




"Technology geek, working for a large call center in dallas tx"
"Coordinador y gestor de eventos culturales. Representación de artistas e Internet Entrepeneur."

"I`m from Omaha Nebraska, I go to KU for psychology and am a McNair Scholar, I love music and to drive, playing poker and my guitars & being liberal"
"SEN Teaching Assistant, Plan to write a book, full of ideas on the world, love my cat and other half. Enjoy nature and reading, finding new info. "
"Me gusta la musica el arte el amor"








"Middle Georgia news from The Telegraph and Macon.com."










"On the path to ultimate enlightenment :)"
"Still learning after all these years!!"





"I`m dying, very, very slowly. Hopefully."
"Freelance writer, editor, foodie, traveler, publicist"




"Hundegeschichten mit Gastkatze"



"Girly tomboy with a passion for fashion, fighting, hockey, chicken wings and beer. Translator by day. "


" #teamFOLLOWBACK #teamPROUDMOMMY #teamSINGLE #teamLIGHTSKIN "
"uPhyca Inc. 代表取締役総長。 Android のアプリつくったり、本書いたり、講演したり。 Android 女子部 副部長。 Libraroid という Android アプリを作ってます。 「Android Layout CookBook」という本だしました。 "













"sosialist   jawamentalist   Trans Corp.   "
" "



"Life is a joke."


"Changing the world through the rethinking of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery."

"Justiciero 100%. Trabajador, amigo, hermano, venezolano, fiel creyente de la Democracia"
"I have no limits, and no filter! My life is an open book! I try to keep u entertained at whatever cost, and I`m sure to leave u with something to talk about"

"π is a lie."
"what can i say; if you know me, you know me."














"well im pretty great.. i think thats all you need to know :)"


"naughty but nice.... "
"Tutoring Referral Network, Find a Tutor for free, Become a Tutor for free"







"Love: to help folks  find or sell  special property in Methow Valley and Winthrop Washington, any kind of skiing , hiking, biking, rafting, &  meeting  people."

"One thing i like most is that in everything i do i put GOD in first place, by so doing i say in GOD i trust."






"Electronic Musician, Interactive Designer, Xbox Gamer, Wine Lover, Native Swiss"







"this is a local accont to follow locals only, I`m not posting anything from this account so no need to follow back."




"Hi...Im Jess  :)"
"I`m a True Gemini."

"Unflinching. Arts. Life. Passion. Art History. Contemporary Art. Exhibitions. Art Facts. Liquor Art"



http://www.twitpic.com/photos/gwhitby478
"Brooklyn, NY"






"Come visit our winery and vineyard and sample the best award winning wine in Illinois!"


"I hate squirrels. And clothes hangers.  But I love Tupperware :)"
"I believe in as many as six impossible things before breakfast."
"MOTOWN NATIVE"

"Follower of Christ, Chief Sinner (behind Paul), husband, father, guitar player, wanna be singer, and wanna be golfer"


"I`m Ricki, wasssssup"

"RB   Senior Visualizer/Web Designer"


















"Central Spirit: We back the tigers!"
"Kuli tinta KONTAN/Kompas Gramedia"
"I am a rock hard strange fifteen year old with a sweet side(="


"I help businesses make their marketing more effective and generate more leads"
"A nice looking guy looking for making real time relationship.  Have only one motto in life life is short so enjoy it to its fullest....."
asdasfas





"Caribou Coffee Company, off of Mayfield Road just west of I-271 in Golden Gate Plaza."


"hard-working, educated, sincere, kind, ambitious, flexible, previous business owner, friendly, good looking r"



"Arrr, I be spreadin the word of the FSM."

"I love Panic! at the Disco"




"Now what?"

"I am a soprano,a lover of books, of biking and of God:D"




""


"Clothing Trader  Importer  Fashion Forecast  Wine Connoisseur  Birding Proud Family values Blessed    "

"I am the Light.......Being"



"21 and spontaneous"





"WoW! Where did my youth go"


"Data warehouse guru. IIT/IIM Grad. Alumnus of Pepperdine University. "
"I`m kortney. Let`s chat."


"Disneyland, May 24, 2009"
"Opinions Aren`t Facts, Take Them In, Let Them Go!"

"Just a normal person who`s tryna make it big in this recession."






"Liz, 19, animals, music, fun, drinking, best frans, summer time, flip flops, sleeping in, my life as liz, mariah carey, ca$hmoney, facebook, lulz. "




"I am an English Mastiff. Yes I am a big dog. No I am not a pit bull. No your pit bull is not as big as me. Yes I do eat alot. Yes I do live inside."




"What a normal day looks like for me -- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tJoIaXZ0rw"












"I was born naked, ignorant, hungry and unable to help myself.  I still spend a good portion of my life like that.  "





"Webdeveloper & Interactive Marketing Designer   American Football: Linebacker @ Bornem Titans"







"Mr. Bradshaw is the premier choice for vacation rentals in Orlando. He is a avid rasslin fan. He has been known to get in trouble with his tweets! WOW!"


"as the ancient hawaiians used to say~  pin:22982CFE "

"E o mais importante é..  paciência para que a vida faça o resto!!"
"Power pop with soul, coming out of Washington DC."


"The Best Food"






"Married to Nancy; Retired from XOM, Former LSU football player;  Play banjo and guitar"












"Living in Thailand but I am one proud PINOY! Edgy and Fierce! "

"HUGE TVD fan from Canada"










"am funfilling and lively person."



"I LIKE: Art: painting, drawing. Music: metal, ska, classic rock. Herbs: pot, reefer, ganja, weed, green. Books: too many to list. "

"never never n never :)"
"Carnivore. Gearhead. Handyman. Mobile app designer."



"Bom so doido adoro jogos RPG me interesso em amigos posso dizer que sou feliz Otavio prazer segue ? riariaria"



"i love to dance mess around and have a great time with my friends and family and love to go to concerts "





"Student at Aberystwyth."









"Working mom and adult student trying to see the glass half-full"

" President and founder of Wingsite Displays"





"The Flint River Watershed Coalition: Partnering to protect, preserve and improve our watershed. "
"Designer, Door Maker, Superdad."


"Check me out @popcsandrazee"

"Life without sex is like a tree with no leafs."

"I am Isaac. I am Ted from work. I am 60`s psychadelic music."















"Whats up people of twitter, well im Juniior and im here to just post stuff and alot of stuff, follow me =D oh one more thing baseball rules "
"experimental photographer "

"HR Manager for Southern Protection Agency"

"TESOL and Languages student, just completed my year abroad, Blackburn Rovers supporter, musicals make me happy. "





"Hey ppl call me Mike-O..... I dont care about your opinion whether its good or bad i dont care you are all worthless to me unless i say otherwise."
"кiммiє♥*19*[✔]Ꮟяooкℓyא אy*  [✖]cᎯrrollton, ᏩᎯ*uwԍ `13*βคѕtiєηღ"
"SO DA NAMEZ NANI.CURRENTLY RESIDING IN THE CHI.MOTHER OF ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFULEST BABIES IN THE WORLD KAIYANA BORN JAN23.10.Wit OUT HER DON`T KNO WAT"

"if can, can. if no can, no can."
"Programleder i Schrödingers Katt"
"educadora fisica, apaixonada por filmes e música"






"writing my book . . . so i can tell my story"





"Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed."
"i rock on the highest lvl possible"



"Upcoming Porn Star/Stripper/Internet Vixen Ok I`m F`n Lyin ! Lol Jst Have Sex && Follow Me ! "



"Regular boy that hoops and trying to make it big so my Fam Doesn`t Struggle .. Just a ball and a dream"
"Banker retired.  Artist"
humanitarian
"4th year wahoo studying marketing & management at the McIntire School of Commerce, singing with @silhooettes & giving tours with @Uguides. I tweet in hyperbole."
"Graphics- and webdesigner"
"Living la vida loca"

"I`m just me!"
"Curioso en la red."



"My random thoughts...they have to go somewhere."

"laugh like no one is watching. sing like your in the shower. and smile like its not wierd. :3"









"Im so in love with my beautiful & amazing life~"


"My name is Marta,I`m 15 years young.I`m very complicated.When I want something I`ll get it.I`m nice and outgoing so go right on ahead and hit me up!"





"Estudante de Educação Física, Vascaíno e feliz :D"

human







"Vocalist/Producer of New Wave Hip Hop group NEW DAY (@NewDayOfficial)...The Fast Years Album is now available on iTunes! "

"intrapersonally intelligent, introvert, left brained, pisces, loop finger print, artisan, and definitely human  "










"Business journalist, editor of TheBusinessDesk.com in NW. Loves Manchester, the North West and Man City."




.Net 게임 영화 애니



" just a person common, if you want know who i`m, so just surprise me. Quem tem, não valoriza, quem valoriza , já perdeu."



"twitter is stupid."



"Guardian Angel"






"Blessed with Love"




야호
" nOt yOur ordinary girl!..ahekz:)"

"*Production Engineering & Management *MBA student *observer *perpetual learner"
"At This Point Im Doin` Me.  I Got My Middle Finger Up And I Dont Give A Fuck. -My WildAss!"

底の泥をもふもふる。コリドラスかわいいよ。



"I don`t know how to put this but I`m kind of a big deal"


"Apenas caminho e tiro de cada gota da vida o que preciso para viver."





"This is a Twitter for the website of Girls Alliance!  Come visit for more deets :)"

"John P. Gullo II is the Democratic, Independence, & Conservative Party candidate for Chautauqua County, NY Legislator, District 25."

"A mature man who loves a beautiful woman"




"58yrs,single,1 son 36,3 grandkids,1 great on the way."
"I am an honest person looking to meet people that like to do active things in life."
"16. Lourdesian. Tomasino."



"Profissão: Contador  Casado com Darsoni e pai de 2 crianças maravilhosas a Nicole e o Lucas."


"Samin tyttö"


"Live, Love and Laugh!!!!!!!"




"As vezes escrevo coisas engraçadas mas é difícil..."

"Die-hard Razorback fan.  Pig F`n Sooie!!!"



"Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million. -- Jean Jacques Rousseau"


"Proud Harley Owner, Mann`s Harley-Davidson, Luv the outdoors, Happy Girl!"
"Marketeer. Engineer. Writer. Green Building enthusiast. Passionate reader. "

"Strategy Director at Adapptor. Online since 1994. Internet entrepreneur. Published author. MoMoPerth co-organiser. Called the network marketer by BRW."







"System analyst"





"Don`t piss off the nerd angels."
http://www.facebook.com/people/Evanthia-Karampekios/557756838

"Young lovely lady just enjoying life with no worries in the world"










Singer


"Happy,funny and unusally tiny :-)"


"I am Toshiro Mifune`s Letter Opener from Fark. I love MST3K, have a coffee mug collection, can babble about pop culture at length, and NO, I`M OUTTA CHARACTERS"

hay!




"Returned to cycling throgh charity ride in 2001 now into touring but not the politics"

"Single Mom, Internet Marketer, Just a Suavvy Individual...lol"
"Nobody does it like Sara Lee"


"Blues Singer"
"Software Professional Services / User Adoption Expert"

"In a nutshell: Happily taken. Nurse to be. Barrel racin` fool. "


"Mrs Robb but forever a Chan"
"IYA BLONDIE! .. ALL YOU SEXY BOYS IN BLU, BONDI RESCUE:`D"


"Well I consider myself as a performer. Dancing and singing is my passion, music is life. O trust ull see me on the big screen sooner than u can imagine.."



"i am who i am"


"Bouncy Castle Hire and Events"

"dance with me on that stage?"







"Hello, My name is Alexandra Cirha Castelo. I love ryan sheckler !!"











"copy on ipsidicit!!"

"My favs: collaboration, entrepreneurship, innovation, transparency, agility, empowerment.  Being a mom.  Popcorn.  "




"Web and WordPress solutions in Malta."

"Simple concept: we make an audio story for you to download. We all press play at the same time. We rock out and go on an adventure."


" "
simples:3

"Passive, compassionate, but kindness is not my weakness..."




"Belajar untuk jadi orang sukses."


=)

"Music is my life =D , I love degrassi , glee , and pretty little liars aha :D . Im 15 years old n im ridin solo ;)"

"A product of the imaginative darkness within the human psychy, that`s me!"

"Specializing in Classical Traditional  Architecture, New Urbanism, Cottage and Estate Homes, Select Commercial, New Old House Design, Southern Living Designer"


"Just another day in paradise."




"Full time Skeptic - former banker I prefer questions I can`t answer to answers I can`t question!"





"Baseball player attending sac state dont know what this site is heard about is soo wanted to check it out"


"ARIESS 3`S SCORPIOSSS .! "


"Sou de Portão City, no RS - Brasil estudante de Direito e trabalho como Assistente de RH Jr III em um call center"
"I enjoy fast cars,bikes and R&B music. I spend my free time working on my classic cars and bike"



"Whats Good with the hip-hop industry? Who is A-Styylz? Styylz aka Prince of Da Town, the 626 Fly Boi. Checkout A-Styylz also on Facebook @ facebook.com/astyylz"



"just your typical guy, that wants to enjoy what this shit called life has to offer...#teamaries"
"Mission: To cultivate in word and action the beauty, diversity and infinite possibilities humans possess."






"runner, dog walker and tv addict  "







"Leef het leven"


"We ask Lost stars what you want us to ask"

Namaste!
"Milităm pentru o pauză publicitară recreativă şi de divertisment."




"none required."
"An individual who is only here on this Earth for just a moment."









"Ronin writer, vagabond, proficient in random esoterica, purveyor of garrulousness, promulgates utter musing."




"Affable, Slim, Cool boy. hehehe"



"Des Moines Iowa Realtor. Happy to help consumers with any real estate questions & needs!"



Alguma







"An interactive designer, Founder of DELTRO INC. 心が動くような体験が作りたくて一生懸命な凡人です。 http://www.facebook.com/muraken"

WHEELERSという、クルマ、バイク、自転車の話題を中心としたホームページを運営しています。宜しくお願い致しますm(__)m









"www.myspace.com/liers "
"one,two,three"
"DigiDestination Ltd is a cool, savvy, talented team of tech gurus and creative conspirators seeking to provide the best web design, SEO and other IT services."

"Austin King. Turning 18 on 8/3/2009! Enough said for now."





" Nice, polite, funny, but,  a bit silly, and crunchy, somehow. SNSD fan."

"love me, love you"

"looking sadaf bheda"
"Bücher.Lesen.Schreiben.Empfehlen.144 Zeichen.Wenige Zeichen.Wenig Zeit.Geistreiches fehl am Platz.Platz fehlt.Verstanden?Tage der offenen Tür im Buchladenlokal."




"emini trader"
"Der Basketball-Bundesligist aus Trier!"








"Founder Alberta Beef Mag. "
"uma menininhaa que todo mundo acha gente boa!!"





"I split time between online & San Francisco. One wife, one daughter, two cats, three vices, and four eyes. Design. Develop. Discuss. Enjoy."


"Managing Partner, Gallagher Group Communications, providing full service PR support for Cleantech and IT companies."


"DJ, Kayaker, songwritter, and enertainer!!!"
"I am an Energy Specialist living in the Midwest, Going Green is not just a color to me!!!"


"your typical neurotic 22 year old girl"






"epuber.com Digital Publishing"

"my name is amber and im 18, i go to midwest city high."
"I capture human,things,nature and feeling."


"`Passionate about inspiring, empowering and enabling the people in businesses, beyond today!` Aka `The Unlikely Enduro`  http://endurochallenge.blogspot.com/"



"Hi my name is Shane, I`m a musician and I play guitar. I live for the ♪♫Music♪♫ "
"Twitter account for Kwivia."



"Ret AF, Ret Aerospace, Realtor"

"u got me laughing when i sing u got me smiling in my sleep...& i can see this unraveling ur love is where im falling...so plz dont catch me...♥ "
"CTS - Real Estate, Home Loans, Tax Accounting, Credit Clearing, Help for Homeowners"
できるだけ多くの人を感動させたい。

"Talented, humble & contented. Music is life #team90s #teamreggae #teamsoca #teambbm22CA4BDA. If my tweets offend you, then its probably true. "
"Bondoso, adoro ler, apaixonado por tecnologia e fotografia. Amo muito minha esposa, meus filhos Eduardo e Gabrielle, familiares e amigos... e torcedor Lusa..."



"Art Lover. Seeker. Leo. NYC dweller. World Traveler."
"1 irresistible babygirl"




"Married to Amanda with four kids.  Owner of  insurance agency specializing in serving the church market."


"I`m a senior @ IU.  Im in a christian rock band Goodbye June.  Check us out and give us some love!!  "




"From hosted virtual desktops to on-demand servers, Iddea Group offers organizations of every size the chance to significantly reduce their IT expenses."

"ator, programador visual e projeto de dj."
"An adolescence in the making."


"Hey I`m from Germany and i love Ariana Grande, cause Arianator 4 ever  i follow back (17)"

"Twitter da comunidade FP:AR - Futebol Paulista: A Rivalidade"

"All must fly to Dubai :)"

"#TeamTopNotch #TeamBootyENT"



"grew up in Paradise (Montville 1950s) now Occupational Therapist working in Hell (Ipswich Mental Health, Queensland, 2009)"









‎​
"I am a news junkie, sports fan (Angels, Lakers, Ducks), music snob, and conservative. That pretty much sums it up."
"I`m a singer and live for and love music music music www.facebook.com/epicbandireland"










"18 , cool , calm & collective :) #TEAMSONGZ #TEAMDAY26  #TEAMBREEZY #TEAMTYGA #TEAMANTHONYQ #TEAMBIGSEAN #TEAMTWIST #TREVANTENATION "








"Just a regular girl wondering what to tweet."







"beauty is an understatment"







"#1 Sports Bar & Lounge Union County!"


"I can`t feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life..."

"De médico, publicitário, poeta e louco, todo mundo tem um pouco."
























"After a car accident in May, Katlyn developed a blood clot and has traumatic brain damage. She is fighting every day to recover - please join us to support her!"




"www.talenthunter.com/skylynemodels  -  www.tagged.com/skylynemodels  -  www.myspace.com/csmm_models  -  www.skylynemodels@yahoo.com"

"WunOfaKind Ent ReDefining Your Night Life Experience Selective Saturdays #HouseOfHookah Which 1,Pick 1,This Wun..Classic! ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔Married To Muh Goals"


"All life is a process of growth, I become a better man each day. Happy Healthy and Ready"

"Merintis hidup baru.."
"Não tenho inimigos. Apenas concorrentes q gostariam d ser como eu sou! ter o q tenho !!por isso me ODEIAM tanto, e tentam denigrir a minha imagem."



"Guilty, broken, forgiven. Passionate about telling those who are far from God or who are close, more about the God who changed my life. "



"I am a gamer, a Civil Engineering student at Valpo, and I love Jesus!"
"married 28 years, 2 kids, Jesus is my lord and savior, "






"Lawyer-Professor of the Universty"


"chocolate flavoured love theme"







"ArtStream`s mission is to create artistic opportunities for individuals in communities traditionally under-served by the arts."


"We`re four guys who come up with tons of comedy ideas, write some of them, and then produce very few of those."

"mii segue aee fala comigu , e veja quem realmentii sou :P "






"Mira la esencia, no las apariencias"



"just keep it real"




"Liverpool based artist and member of the Fabcollective photography group"


"Profesor I nivel en Escuela de danza CDanza Estudia Jazz, Danza contemporánea y Moderna, Ballet y Danza-Teatro en Compañía Dante "


日本語力は中途半端（涙）。台湾から来まして、福岡に留学中。タグ：ガンダムSEED/アスカガ一番/反逆（スザク）/最近はスタドラ（スガタ・スガワコ）/コス写真/小説・テキスト創作（今は二次メイン）。同じアスカガ・アニメやコミック同士ならフォローをご気軽に！

"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination.” "






"Twitter Universe, hows it going? Im young man trying to make things happen in my life. "
"emailMarketing, CEO en co-founder E-Village. Good marketing doesn`t cost it pays. E-mailmarketing, Marketing guru, Socialmedia"
"I`m Sasha. Girl. Mom. Friend. Love is my weakness, and i can tweet my little heart out :) welcome to my twitter, take off ur shoes and stay awhile "


"      http://www.linkedin.com/in/richjagisch"


"Asia, postcards, traveling. No cats please."








"19. paid. #teamfollowback #teamtoodamnfresh "

"Welcome home to Harbor Point on the Bay, Boston`s favorite waterfront apartment home community."





"Trabalho como analista de mercado de ações(homebroker) e vivo exclusivamente disso!"

"A maior feira da cadeia produtiva do setor de embalagens e processos industriais do Nordeste. A 3ª da América Latina. De 23 a 26de agosto de 2011,no Recife.   "




"arming woman with knowledge,connectivity, and necessary resources; ultimately freeing them to live liberated, satisfying, and elevated lifestyles."










"Happily married for 5 years, I have a 3 year old little girl and a baby boy on the way! I`m due in January!"






"A blog about frugal-but-good cooking, good eating, and wine bargains at home."

"Sou o reflexo das suas atitudes... Cada um conhece a Gabriely que merece ! "

"A 30-something Brit software developer who loves his music, tech, photography and camping."


"Witness to the destruction of medical progress by the current Congress"
"Tactical Medicine Consultancy  "



"mabait ako yun lang."





"Publicitária! Aquela que gosta de explorar a vida (ama a dança) - Aventureira e Inquieta. Quem me acompanha?! Um bom livro e um delicioso e quentinho café."

"From Clear Lake, IA, and now happily married in Waukee, IA."

"Ordinary girl with lots of activities to do..... Trying to enjoy everything in front of me...."


"You will never know what`s next (: "



"Canadian charity providing help & hope to kids and teens since 1989. Free, 24/7, professional counselling 1-800-668-6868, AND online."




"Frisbee, Snowboarding, Food, Music, Love, Life."



"I`m a Senior student and soon to be graduating. I really like to change my attitude. I know God knitted me this way but I still want to change because i need it"

"Not sure how to sum myself up in a small paragraph...maybe you should add me and find out more."
"Wife, Mom, Laboratory Manager, Infection Control Practitioner,friend, and social junkie!! I am totally in love with the city of Boston!! "




"Hi Everyone"





"the way i see it, the more people that hate me, the fewer people i have to please."


"live in Charlotte, NC. i attend NewLIFE Fellowship Church Pastor John P Kee love church and praising GOD"


"Theatrical Agent, avid reader, Film and dog lover."




"Republican,wife and mother of 3 teenagers, 16, 15 and 13"
"Not much to say really!! Im me and thats all........xx"


"Legendary Producer at large.  Worldwide recognized and one of the best.."



"Father, board game, rpg & video game fan/player, die hard Cubs(really dying here) and Bears Fan. All around nice guy."



"Video Conferencing Infrastructure Engineer, Poker Player, Network Administrator,  General Tech Guru, Full Time Nerd."










"Even after all this time, the sun never says to the earth, You owe me. Look what happens with a love like that. It lights the whole sky."






"Mamfaa Lovees Raul 3 Fe&A"


" Jesus.missions.pro-life. fashion.reading.traveling. friendships.laughing.green/pink.love to edify,exhort,and comfort people.free hugs.basketball."


"someone trying to do the best in life by learning and understanding about others!"


"just ask"



"CRM Geek and passionate photographer http://mscrmnovice.blogspot.com"


"Lucy is duh alter ego. Highschool graduate. ii love my friends"
"Ich liebe Party und ich liebe München. München ist die beste Partystadt der Welt!"
single
"Social Network, Marketing, Advertising, Community Involvement"
"hi im mairead im from wexford,ireland im new to twitter so bare with me ha!"
"I wanna be Barbie....that bee-otch has everything!"


"Help us fix Michigan. You can contact our campaign at tom@georgeforgovernor.com"



"I make kick-ass lumpia at home and I rock web dev & marketing (PHP, JS, SEO, PPC, LPs, etc.) at work. Renaissance dad. Autodidact. Raconteur. Ping pong maestro."


OOOOOOOWweeeeeee
"Em Você eu sei, me sinto forte, com Você não temo a minha sorte."
"Naturopatía, terapias complementarias, yoga, ecología"





"- cOntrOl yOur emOtiOns ,, avOid frOm temptatiOns & knOw yOur limitatiOns ..."
"Residential & Commercial Real Estate Brokerage MA&RI."


"FIRST robotics advocate, web developer, and Disney enthusiast."
"Editor, LSU Today LSU Office of Communications & University Relations"




"Local Manitowoc Man fishing Lake Michigan for almost 40 Years. "


"Harvey Mudd College Mathematics Computing News, Notices, Pointers, and more."
"I love my life I`m a wife and  mother of 3. Major NKOTB fan love me some Jon Knight  "

"Just a news junky! Love to watch politicians go at it. Love life"


"retired U.S. Navy Chief, proud conservative, newsjunkie, love Asian women"
"http://thelifeis-noteasy.tumblr.com "
"I`m Shawna, I`m 18, and I love meeting new people, so holler!!"

"Gosto de novas amizades, festas, onde vodka, two vodka, three vodka... kkk adoruuu"













"Big Star Wars Fan , Big Baseball Fan , and Tech Geek."

"tak ada logika "



"I deserve a MTV show "

"fada do dente nas horas vagas"





"follow me and ill follow back! :)"


"with or without you , I`m #WINNING ."
"Network engineer"


"Grammy Nominated Production Team"






"im simple cute,joker, but sad for love..........."











"Nessuno è saggio a tutte le ore..."


http://www.youtube.com/user/plutostudioNY





"I`m a 23 yr old psychology major student at Pierce College. I love spending time at home with love ones, but in the summer, I love going to the beach."
"resident dj / event coordinator www.back2basicschicago.com "
"some dude"



"Why frown and have wrinkles when you can smile and have dimples! "

"I have everything I need in life... "








"strategiebewaker, co-creator, selectiehelper, ideeëngaleriehouder, recombinator, optiegenerator, praktijkkenniscurator, informateur, stuurman"










"This is just my mild mannered alter ego"










"Currently in a period of Renewal & Restoration. Studying for ACSM Certification to use toward my mission to inspire health & wellness in low income people."

"I use this platform to express my feeling for all random stuff that comes to my mind!!"
"✓De chica no me gustaba mcdonalds,se contar de 2 en 2 y atar mis agujetas,quiero participar en jigsaw y no me gusta el cafe."

"This Is Tweeter and I`m Twitting. Lol."
":) Coffee Lover.  a friend. a lover. freak."

"20 year old writer from Michigan. It`s a terrible place to be alive where I live, on most day`s anyway. I like to cook egg`s in various different ways."




"im a happy person just waiting for a partty to start "
"Nobody cares if you can`t dance well. Just get up and dance. Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their Passion."
"Amazing :)"
"Idiomas Modernos,I love music,my family, my animals and my friends.XD Call me a bitch and I`ll show you one.Call me crazy, but you really have no idea..!!"

"Thanks for Following me. Get your Free Gift: http://www.tacticalmuscle.com"

"If you want to know about my son or my husband- you are in luck! If not, sorry..."
















"always working to improve myself"
"A student.. To be an entrepreneur. I`m a moeslem .. Music and movie lover"





元WEB屋、現ゲーム企画屋。ゲームを作っているからといって、必ずしもゲームが好きなわけじゃない。心の間合いをとることに定評がある。仕事の話はつぶやかないので、どうでもいいことばかりつぶやくと思います。最近、人よりも犬にシンパシーを感じてましたが、2011年は人と関わって生きたい、そんな心境です。








"American - Republican - Shia Muslim born in Tanzania raised in New York City. God has given all of mankind free will; no one has a right to take that freedom."









"Restaurant La Bastille Kronenstraße 1b, Saarbrücken, Seit 35 Jahren am Markt, saarländisch + französische Küche"





"JENNiFER::iM SiNGLE::A M0THA, DAUGHTER, BESTFRiEND::L0VE::LiVE::LiFE::PR0CEED::PR0GRESS::iMMA C00L ASS RiDE 0R DiE CHiLL CHiCK::FUCKS WiT ME XoXo"






"PM bizdev of TV-productions @ www.dinamo.no. Belives in communication & the World Wide Web"


"Living Gardens is the garden centre trading division of Concrete Products (Lincoln) 1980 Ltd. "







"Você está perdendo 4 segundos de sua vida lendo isso, mas perca seu tempo lendo os meu twits e não se arrependa. :O"




"im 42 a christian "


















"Follow me doin big things never seen a star b4 take a picture (hiphop is mine) Born/raised farrock/wyandach 2nd home shows/videos/dvd/music R.I.P $tack bundle$ "








"Filmmaker. Puppeteer. Animator."
"Only those who try will become..."



"» @PaulWilmotComm"



"Assistant Men`s Basketball Coach"

"Decadent 26 y.o. slacker trying to make the best of things. "





"I sing."
"Fine Art Prints/Posters of Classic Automobiles. Specializing in Commercial/Industrial Location Photography"
"The Walrus; it`s like a Vampire, but awesome. "
"I sit behind my Mac all day designing, listening to music, and drinking lots of caffeinated beverages."






"Everything About game,, I Like it !!"

"iration for all the nation: I am an open lesbian, and a young activist in the cannabis counter-culture community. "







"im livin the dream........... I  fight sharks and am on the Cleveland ohio drinking team."
"I`m an actress"




"im just a teenage dirtbag baby."



"2 Vice DO MUF Östergötland. Bildningsnämnden Lkpg. Pluggar Statsvetenskap. Övertygad om att mer kärlek och global kapitalism skulle göra världen lite bättre."


"My name is Angela,14,@justinbieber is my inspiration and @selenagomez is my role model! Love singing,guitar,piano. i`m just a teen with a big dream :)"
"Tweeting since 1985"







"L`italie Ma Fierté Juska La Fin des Temps 3`. Mon Amor de Pti Frère 3`."



"Creator and listener of great music--pianist, cyclist, Outdoorsman--#TeamNC #TeamUnfollow4Unfollow #TeamIntrovert #TeamLakers #TeamEnneagram5 #TeamLeo "
"I have an enormous passion for  Acting, Singing, Dancing & the Enteratinment Industry in general. My goal is to make it in either Film, Broadway, or Television."









"半導体にインプラされた社会人。最近の仕事はテスト設計と機能評価。Verilog使いからEDAツール使いに転向中。興味的にはgentoo/ラノベ/アニメ/ドール。古レンズ沼にもつま先を突っ込んでる。でも内容は日々の文句が中心。アイコンは貰い物。Follow&Remove free。"
"chanです。 169/69/29の人と言えば、どういう筋の人かわかるのでしょうか。わかるはずです！ glee/shopping/movie/gym/eating "
"Ser humano, forma de vida bípede baseada em carbono e que reside numa cidadezinha simples, num planeta remoto, na borda ocidental mais brega da galáxia. "


"Pedagoga, Func, Publica  e....outros atributos nas horas vagas"



"wife, SAHM to 2, full-time college student (Legal Studies/Criminal Justice/Victim Advocacy), caretaker to a child with chronic kidney disease (transplant x 2)"
"Ingeniero Civil PUC, M.Sc. Ing. Industrial PUC"
"I`m the CEO, bitch."



"One crazy ranting bastard"
"Teh cake is a lie"
























"See also @unlockedmedia and @leagueofpolo"

"#EHLIENS © x #EHLIENATION x CANADA-WIDE x CLOTHING LINE x SKATEBOARDING  x DOPENESS x  JOIN THE  MOVEMENT"


"All about photography, phootball, and phamily"


"I like books, movies and music. A LOT. That`s all you need to know."
"Neon; extremely bright or vivid; fluorescent; MercedesCote :) "
"Queen`s City living!!!"



"La verdad os hara libres "


"Publicista, Esposa de 1 y madre de 2 Ucabista, Escualida a mucha honra. Siempre lista para un día de playa, un partido de tenis o una margarita "







geologist/naturalist/lumberman

"Medical field- Workd Cedars Sinai.LA  My commitment Improving life 4 all people global ,MEDICALCARE & EDUCATION 4 EVERYONE.Life is my dream & tweets personal."







"If you`re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big!"



"Just a kid with a really cool job."





"-2011 NC new artist of the year -Mixtape has over 152K downloads -16x on allhiphop.com -All Purple Everythang"






"Our goal is to provide qualified temporary and permanent IT personnel in the most efficient and cost-effective way possible"



"Get the poison out"







"yawl don`t need2 know chet ahaha!xp"




"BGSU grad! From Pittsburgh with a passion for art and fashion."









F1とかゲームとか。カメラも好きです。
"like a Popsicle in Paradise~"



"kapan juaranya orang penyabar ya allah .."
















"ARCHITECT & AUTHOR"


"Ich bin immer interessiert an Berlinkultur - soweit vorhanden...."












"Little Sweet  Baby "










"생명평화의 가치를 지향합니다. "
"I live by the ocean, and I love it."
"Rád využiju každou sebemenší šanci na některou aktivitu nejlépe ve společnosti dalších lidí. Od nákupů až po skákání s padákem. Jsem aktivní až to hezký neni =)"
"Marketeiro, Vendedor, Colecionador, Locutor, Dublador e Palmeirense"


"Bored housewife that likes to comment, rant and rave."

"designer of kick ass things and lover of anything fashion, textiles,or art that is edgy or just plain fun. Just launched black crow studios - kick ass wallpaper"
"Let`s just cover the basics Im a pretty outgoing person, and love to laugh!! Thats all I can think of right now..(:    Love you guys      "
"♥,♥ I`m 16 →  Accounting & Finance Student; Single But Not Alone; Eternal Dreamer; Aventura Fan #Smiler #Selenator #Swiftie #Lovatic / B-day Nov 22nd! #ILUGod"
"PR/Marketing at O`Reilly UK"

" "




"EC Teacher and Percussion Instructor who loves to travel."






"i often start to doubt the strength of mans will, then i realize what makes me strong enough to doubt such things"




"I love my past. I love my present. I’m not ashamed of what I’ve had, and I’m not sad because I have it no longer. "





"I am impossible to describe in less than 160 characters."



"There`s only so many hours in a day...."
"No matter what happens..."
"Misture fé, amor e esperança. Agora coloque uma boa quantidade de defeitos, criatividade, alegria, gratidão, música, poesia, fotografia, mudanças, sonhos..."

"Publicitário, bem humorado, cozinheiro e amante de cinema..."
"Graphic Design Student Former WFT for AMD Former techsoport technitian Love Art, dogs, family and friends."



KPOP.music.dance.food.cafe.









"eat, sleep, fuck and flee, in four words thats me. so you can call me Esff. "

"MISTER FIVE // DJ, PARTY ROCKER, LIFE KIFFEUR SINCE 1987."
"Dee-Troit born, Big Apple livin`/ former redhead / world-traveler wannabee / pilot-to-be /  persistent dreamer "






"Bringing you in-depth reviews, RC news and reporting direct from the track!"



"I am a big blackhawks fan and I like hockey."




"Family first; Life`s to short, live it like its your last day."
"NETWORK ABOUT SERVICE, ASSISTANCE, AND THERAPY ANIMALS FOR THE DISABLED AND SENIOR COMMUNITY"








"Out there."
"free bird..."














"EzCataList: What, When, Where of Shopping, Food, Events & Places. Singapore."




"i don`t understand with myself"
"American Immigration Lawyers Association (AILA) on removal and relief immigration issues.."
"Try to learn something about everything, and everything about something.  My something = movies."




"short and sweet"






"Like a fine wine. Better with age."

"WEB制作会社のディレクター。 只今、広告制作会社へ出向中。"








"From Horsham, Live in Ballarat, Beauty Therapist"
"I`m a My Chemical Romance-loving, Vampire-obsessed veggetarian who loves making new friends. "






"Economics graduate student at University of Oxford"



"former journo now dad/hubby working at U of Toronto. "









"twitter newbie"





"Relationniste propriétaire de Tac Tic Marketing. Épicurienne, foodie, Mom..."


"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"

Ooouuush!
"damaged goods with pepper "

"Humanist. Linksliberaler Fundamentalist. Grün-weiss. Diskordianischer Papst. Hanseatischer Preusse. Urheber letzter Worte. Passionierter Hasenhalter."

"Crazy 13. My english is terrible! ;)"





"Estudiante y amante del cine."


"inanimate object ^_^ a website at http://www.tales-central.com dedicated to the Tales of... video game series; http://tales-central.com/phpBB3/index.php"
"I am VIRAL. watch me GROW!! Social Media Phenom, Blogger, Internet Marketer, Test Dummy,Dead Sexy"
"Senior Manager, Sapient. Financial Services. Health Care. Nature Photography. Social Sciences. Author, Five Myths: Musings on the Sikh Condition."





"New York City art director/visual designer, makeup junkie, foodie, loves gaming and so so so much more. "







"Best job in the world!  Sell Real Estate at Coldwell Banker. Married to Russ, have 2 sons and a naughty but cute dog named gracie "


"evendoe women change i will always like dimes why not follow me ..... #teameagles #teamfoamposties #teamGDC  #teamandroid"






"hey, just back from scotland after being there for 6 years...... just enjoying a bit of dilli old style & chillin all the f**king time !!!!!!!!"
"Fashion Designer -FIDM Grad(Bay Area)"

"I love Josh Groban, all things RandB and some Rap...."


"SEARCH DEVIN SHORTT ON FACEBOOK  CEO OF BROADWAY ENT (NYC)#TEAMBLACKBERRY pin:3107240F MEMBER OF #TEAMPRETTYBOY LADIES HOLLA AT ME"







"never been in space before "






"Neu-Berlinerin, WWW & social media verrückt, am Leben interessiert, Fahrradfahrerin, LKW-Führerschein-Besitzerin, Reisebegeistert, Pferdeliebhaberin "
"That`s not what they call me at all."
"Independent of Amazon.com. Independent advice on great products and deals. [Profile is not affiliated with Amazon Inc.]"



"I`m nothing without You. Lived by grace & Deeply Loved by Jesus Christ :-)"






"suka binatang, suka jail, suka humor, suka musik, suka film, suka baca, suka kerja, suka kamu, suka suka deh..."

"Viva, viva muito e quando achar que ja é o bastante, viva mais ainda!!!!"



"Relaunching soon.  Sign up for a free account."


"Builder of deep relationships. Interdimensional explorer. Earth Teacher. Cross-cultural interpreter. Geek. Performing partner in Bardic Hearts."


"Your job search resource for the Wilmington, NC area"



"I have wonderful friends, a great family, and an amazing boyfriend. I think that just about sums everything up! If you want to know anything else, just ask((:"





"I think I just blue myself. "

"Film is a land where you can escape to"
".water.hugs.moisturizer.colors.music.Life is an infinite source of happiness."
"Fogy as in `old-fashioned.` Freelance as in `whore.`"






"full time customer service manager, wife, mum & dog owner! Not much time left to tweet but always about! "
"Two English Bulldogs living in California with their two dads. We love toys, playin wif our anipals, and makin new friends."



"최지아, 승아의 아빠이자 윤혜정의 바깥사람. 먹이를 자주 줄 것. 공놀이를 좋아함. 본명은? `지금은 곤란하다. 기다려달라.`"
"自然言語処理の研究者です。/ 情報検索 / 特許情報処理 / 知財 / 剣道 / 広島 / 食 / 酒 / 旅 / 落語 / natural language processing / information retrieval / intellectual property / kendo / Hiroshima /"


"Awesomeness Advocator"
"sponteneous, creative, eventful and everything that life has to offer, dats me"


"im a girl. "

"Hi! I`m AJ! :)"
"My name is Gabe and I have feelings."







"Wife, Mom, and Tech Director of large K-12 district in West TN"
"Student Electrical Engineering at TU Delft"
"Shh.. Whisper..!!"





"Director of the National Literacy Trust, an independent charity promoting literacy in the UK. Tweets are personal and don`t necessarily express NLT policy"



"New to the PR world. Fitness fanatic. Lover of travel, fashion, food and design."




"An attorney, protecting and advocating for the interests of those most vulnerable. "


"web / software developer, amateur music experimenter,  a ...philosopher?"







"Ah sei lá, não sou muito criativo (:"

".... :)"


"Being core and selling boards since 1984!"
"Hip Hop Is DEAD Pimp Hop Is Bread..Come See About It!"





"I produce a radio morning show in Knoxville, TN. Warning: I tweet alot...quantity over quality!"




"Walking the thin line between hero and villain"



"im a dad i live in cali new collage student new devorcie i have been called square with shar edages fllow your boy to find out"









"I LOVE K-POP"



"BBM pin = 2344FB88 Full-time Curtin Uni student. Part-time party animal n alcoholic."
"One a mission to find how life really is suppose to work."



"Life is good!"


"Ocala FL Horse capital of the World. Life member of AQHA, NRHA FQHA"
"wanderlust, homebody, forever young. "










"sup im emma im 18 studying at aie doing animation and screen and media"





"Periodista, Directora de Con Acento Imagen y Comunicación, Venezolana, Mayor de edad y de este domicilio (Madrid España)"








"Lifetime cat servant who loves everything about the mysterious, friendly, beautiful cat. "



"The Empire State...of mind!"

"Not only is there no God, but now I have to recycle my potato peelings as well? "


"Santa Rita do Sapucaí, 11 de novembro de 1989"


"Laugh Or Die"




"Spiritual Director of Toci: Toltec Center Creative Intent~author: Four Elements of Change& Sacred Time Management http://www.facebook.com/MsHeatherAshAmara "

"Enjoying the magnificent scenic views as my husband and I travel.  Lovin` my CHRISTian worldview.  GOD Bless America Forever!  JESUS CHRIST Rules! Luv to all!"














"wife, mom, thinker "






"Busy Nursing Career, blessed to have a great family!"
"Complicated is."







"Some kind of f**king potato."


"Married w/ a beautiful daughter."




@.@(^O^)




"Rachel Anne Rodriguez. 16 years younq. Bronx, NY & Nashua, NH= my home town (: NY Yankees all the wayy! Peace Love Laugh Respect :D "




"mad, totally, unexcusably mad"

"i`m not a princess..this ain`t a fairy tail.."




"Live in St. Albert, AB, Canada with my gorgeous wife, Celia, and four kids. Our family aims to be grace-based, unique, serve others, love Jesus and have fun!"
"집착남, 무인기남, 진상나ㅁ!!! 그 어떤 것이라도 내가 더 찌질해주마!!!"
"37 year old girl, married for year and a half. 2 cats, no kiddiewinkles...yet!"
http://www.memories-to-forget.tumblr.com
"Heather House Studio specializing in Family, Children, and High School Senior portraiture.  Family owned and operated for over 33 years."

"getting it in!"


"Just an ordinary women & lookin` for an ordinary man, With an extraordinary journey of LOVE.."


"you will probably find me around forestville or on youtube doing super embarrasing things. i can`t eat spicy food. it makes me cry."

muse
"Excuse me while I kiss the sky.."

"The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge."


異動がでまして、鳥取は米子でサラリーマン生活始めました。



"Pure #SunshineAndDaisies :) Follow @acumenfund @kiva @BoPreneur @SocialEdge @TEDx"










"Metal girl with a hippie attitude. Passionate for music."



"OSing NS Piedmont Div in South Carolina, as well as radio streams from around the country."



HEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
"West coast born.... GA Raised..... who am I? Im just ME... and you can call me Keisha. :)"

"Good friend, great writer, awesome person :)"
"Renaissance man - eccentric, and fascinated by dull things. Nerd, or geek, depending on your definition. Toy collector. I like potato chips. And museums."






















"Gardening professional, radio show co-host, gardener  "


"California guy, MMA Junkie, Love my spurs and my broncos. Married to the greatest woman in the world"



"Wife and Mommy Extraordinaire, oh and I work too"

"Advogada, administradora e sócia de Casser e Lauser Advogados.Divulgação de notícias de processo civil, previdência privada e do meio jurídico."









"A professional hunter...of men"


"huh I just cant say much about me"


"..به بهارم نرسيدي به خزانم بنگر~~ عقرب نشان..سال ببری~~ یه پرسپولیسی تمام عیار~~!"
"what it is"








"I`m a sweetheart, but don`t piss me off...N I hate phony/fake ass ppl!!!! i`m down to earth n love havin fun.. But most of all i`m about being sucessful!!"
"Fashion lover , victoria beckham fan , liverpool supporter ♡  "
meryt



"UT PR grad. PASSIONATE ABOUT PUBLIC RELATIONS, my family/friends, writing, social media, traveling & the VOLS. Amazed by all the blessings in my life!"





"Dawn, I hate to talk about myself.. :("

"A skeptical investigator`s group... "


"FUCK U BITCH PAY ME.....IF U NOT APART OF MY TEAM I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR YOU!!!"



"There are a lot of reasons corporate turnarounds fail. Recent examples and better strategies."



Awake







"Meaths Favourite Family Park. Fishing, Airsoft, Pet Farm. Affordable Fun!"
"Self Made Billionaire"
"Love the Packers, Brewers & Sabres. "









"A lion led by stags will fight like a stag; A Stag led by lions will fight like a lion."


"You have to talk to me to know me, I`d be happy to talk to someone interested to know me. ^_^  and i love cats 3 ~yoroshiku m^____^m"
"Digital Creative Designer @hugeinc in London... & lots and lots of @gooddangers...  and you know how I feel out of place until I`m levered off my face..."
"fat and hungry.  loves to travel.  dances ballet.  writer.  bleeding heart liberal.  Catholic.  feminist.  entrepreneur.  student @ Columbia (BFA Acting)"





∞





"Saint Paul UMC`s Semi Annual Children`s Consignment Sale! "

"Would you say I have a plethora of pinatas?"
"Airspace manager, old fart, and great story hunter."

"I`m going to be somethin` special... just you wait and see!!!"
Geographer





"Art Workshop Facilitator and Live Performance Artist"

"hampshire college student. ice cream eater. "


"Im the best f*ck the rest"




3




"Adviseur ruimtelijke ontwikkeling bij Bureau Stedelijke Planning"







"an ordinary girl"

"Student of pol.sci, curious about politics, organizational theory, negotiation, network management and information technology. And martinis.. "


"Artist Film Maker(Hit me up for a young beast of a camera man) "


"lead pastor of abundant life church in glen burnie, md. "

"dj/producer/musician/lvl 85 warrior/terran :)"
"160 characters are definitely not enough. Therefore i will use words open for interpretation.  Fun, Beer, Summer, Triathlons, Jersey Shore, Computers, friends"





"Nothing is exactly what it seems. Nor is it otherwise."





"Lic. Administración"


(:

"chillin mindin my bidness and could be minding yours."





"I like to make things. I like to watch. I like to push buttons. I like to pull your leg. I love sushi and technology."


"I sell half price tanning bed lotion. Swedish Beauty Australian Gold Designer Skin"








"Trying a few things out, hoping to discover a future. "


"I am just another guy :)"
"Whole life in communications: Advertising,Creativity,Strategy; last 10 years in PR @ CAC Porter Novelli: Corporate,Public Affairs,Consumer,Travel,Crisis & Issue"

"Mortgage & Real Estate Strategist - Speaker, Blogger, FHA Mortgage & Jumbo Loan Expert "






"photographer & artist also find me on tumblr: jmurrayszarvas.tumblr.com"


"Fangirl, Bookworm, TV junkie, Nerdfighter, 14. Almost every Tues. I become a PLL-livetweeting monster."

"i may not have thumbs, but i sure can twitter."







"You`ll know who I am by the song that I sing"

"Primary Languages advisory teacher in Tower Hamlets London. Just gone back to work after having baby girl number three. "







"teacher. field hockey coach. knitter. blogger. jesus-follower. training for a triathlon & half marathon (but can`t seem to be motivated right now)."
"Glossless brings insightful celebrity news blended with the latest in art and culture."






"Inaltimi si stanci, pasuni si paduri"





"I`m Jessica, & I`m pretty lame."


"I am a four-year-old who asks a lot of questions"
"Motivation + Determination + Sweat = Success "
"...don`t follow others be a leader...listen to your elders...learn from others mistakes..."





"Full Power"







"Feliz. Precisa de mais??? "




"corporate communication grad, photography buff, cookie enthusiast. http://davidoa.dk"
"Um guitarrista, um violonista, um estudante e um tonto... Não necessariamente nessa ordem =P PingChat: victormadeira"










"A catastrophised indecisive melancholic optimist. Who wants to live in moderation anyway?"




"Reinventando Nuevamente!!! De regreso.. http://spacedeejays.com/ http://ka2radio.com/"
"espero que hoy sea un lindo dia!! Espero revisar mas seguido esta red social!"
"Livin fast gettin rich!!!!!! #TeamFastLife #TeamGettinIt #TeamAllMyNiggasOnIt #TeamHeat #TeamNoRegg #TeamFuckedYoBitch #TeamSnapback #TeamChose"

" like politics, houses, architecture and gardens."




"I am a woman after God`s Heart! I am the proud mother of K`Aelle (15), Cache (12), and Carnell III (7). I love to love, I love to laugh, and I love to live. "

"Bℓєssєd, Curly hairєd, Chєƒ. ƒirst ℓanguagє is bσdy. Iƒ yσu knσw mє yσu Lσvє mє. #Taurus. Rєspєct my cσnglσmєratє. Oh & bє nicє tσ mє. Gσd blєss. Xσxσ ツ"
"Fashionista, wife and mum"






"Shelly Hathaway is a professional photographer who enjoys thinking outside the box. She specializes in people and candid photography. Book your event today."


"Animal crazy, photographer dudette who hatesss cooking and other household chores!!"

某企业网管，Linux/Unix爱好者。
"Experiencing my life "

"Relentless, classy, ambitious, intelligent, professional, articulate, self-motivated, independent, focused, determined & driven! Loving Wife and mother of 3! "


"Chatterbox, nonstop nonsense, fun unlimited!"



"a mad man:)"



"hey peeps, my names cheryl, am 19erm... blue hair blue eyes and errm... a biomedical science freak!"




"Helping families create healthier lives and feel great!"
"I am a campus minister at Duke helping grad/professional students and faculty integrate Christian faith and academic life.  And I am going car free for a year!"






"It`s a new dawn It`s a new day It`s a new life For me And I`m feeling good              #winning "





"You can call me Itis   I ♥ the art of dance :)   follback? mention ;)"


"I guess I am a fun, cool chick, I am adventurous and open-minded. I love meeting new people and chatting online.. Hit me up if u would like to know more :)"





"Eu sou o mais puro dos pecados, o mais ilustre dos obstaculos,o cumulo do indecifrável,um simples pedaço de mulher. Alguém que ninguém mais pode ser :) "










"Anounymously tweet your secret!"

"Jesus is my savior"






"I lead the Difference Makers of @ProjectChurch among other things."


"I am what I am ........... so there!"

"I am a Sr Analyst for Human Resources.  I also have a photography business offering portraits and landscape photography.  Please check out my website."

"Loving life in ATX."

"I Love Music!"

"Married to the Princess and father to The Boys"
"Mechanical Engineering Student"
"Self-proclaimed super hero. I`ll have my entrepreneur call your entrepreneur. We`ll do lunch. "
"日常につかれたサラリーマン   美しいケフセリを求めてさまよう毎日 "
"loving people. loving life. loving God. "




"Hello, I am Roman! A Orange Giant Otter. I love Technology, Disney Theme Parks, Furry Art, Music, and Improv. Also a Android, Mac, iPod, Windows 7 user. :D"

"3d artist @ ManvsMachine"



helloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo













"TIME IS THE ONLY CONSISTENT ELEMENT IN LIFE!!!! People Change - Things happen! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK  -- #TEAMCANCER -- #TEAMFUKYOCOUCH"







"Bookseller. Lib Sci Master student. Recent U grad, dbl major Jpn & Ling, minor Medieval Studies. Likes dancing, music, reading, fiber arts, video games, etc."








"Writer. Thought Activist. Journalist. "

"I`m part of PR 4 `06, 92 `09, 61`012, DENGAREPTS,TRADIFOXEE, gesalzener fisch,XII IPS 2, Gradevole, SemAR, METANA, 27. simply lovely"







"The best Female rapper in Southwest Georgia....better known as....Project Piacasso"
"blah blah blah"

"Entrepreneur, Guitar Player, Student, Technology Lover, Creator of TuneTransfers.com, LLC (An Analog To Digital Media Conversion Company)"




"risque woman all about Illusion"


ベンチャーキャピタルなう。関西配属になり、関西を満喫しております。小中高（山口）→大学（東京）→VC（大阪）。休日はだらだらネットしたりアニメみたりしてます。痩せる予定は一向にありません。
"Startups, design, coffee and food. I waste more time online than I should."

"Screenwriter, script-reader, beard wearer"





"terminando o mestrado em filosofia. Heidegger, Blanchot. "
gemmagaisano.tumblr.com

"Ariana, tolerância zero, cheia de vergonha própria e alheia! Não sei brincar direito no twitter, se preciso for usarei como instant messenger! Segue quem quiser"





"College Student, friend,cousin,luv children, luv pets.ect....."



"PepNess is simply a design team that took root back in 2005. We design graphics and editing in images as well as web language coding."



"Im one of the C.E.O.`s of Young Alliance Entertainment. Come here for all of the behind the scene business and regular business of Young Alliance Entertainment."
"I`m a dreamer, a wishful thinker and a diet coke addict."
"Writer, comedienne and sartorial suck-teat. "
"A part of the Quileute Tribe in La Push!"
"An explorer. Stumbling through life looking to be constantly surprised :) "

"i love the Phillies!!!!!!!!!"
"I don`t care what I look like when I dance. I talk way too much. I am the quintessential middle child. I am petrified of going blind. I say the wrong things"




















"Web Developer, Guitarist, Snake enthusiast"







"There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it`s going to be a butterfly. So don`t judge me because I may soon surprise you. :)"
"maybe if you CLICK follow you ` ll know * i wont bite :-* BlackRican Little 5`2 Thang w. MONEY to Bloww i ♥ PINK . kisses . YOU♥Shayla MUAH :)"




"Freshman at University of Nebraska-Lincoln."




"Male, 50, still a big kid tho, married 3 kids love to ride my motorcycle, works  hard unning apremir steak house kitchen"

"Envíame un relato corto, sólo si tienes textículos."



"Young architect. Proffesional dreamer"
"Looking to meet new clients and be a resource to people by helping people find jobs  and share my knowledge "
"Web247.net is the Quickest & Easiest website creation service. make your site Bilingual or even Multilingual at no extra cost!"









"Combining careers in Higher Education and High Performance Sport so always surrounded by Nutters & Wasters!!"
"No, it`s a cardigan but thanks for noticing."






















"Lincoln works as an online marketing staff for colortonerexpert.com"






"Native New Yorker / Corfiot I`m into music, UFOs, and the end of the world. "









"KillerBey, TeamMinaj. TeamFuckYourOpinion ♥ SANAA LATHAN, Jessica White, Kelly Row, Jaz Sullivan, and Dawn Richard Lost? Follow me:D"
"ponderment, wonderment and general thoughts"
"Apaixonada pela vida! "

"I`m a reporter covering \"the business of law\" at The Daily Record."
"van leven ga je dood"

"IMORTAL TRICOLOR !"






"I am a System Engineer by day and DJ By Night.  And I Kick Ass."
"Satellite Imagery, DEM Extraction, Training Courses, Consulting Services and Development"

"Chefkok, restaurant Jan Steen, Horeca, Zwollenaar, Heino, Levensgenieter, Wintersport, "

"Just Another Wallflower"


"leopard leggings, edward t-shirt and `She`s all that` "


"Pediatric speech pathologist turned SAHM. My semi-granola, greenish life includes bfing, cloth diapering, baby-led weaning/solids, & every day green choices."
†

"I work with a great team of Marketing folks at one of the largest credit unions in CO.  My area of focus is project management and traffic for the team.  "


"Este blog é assinado por Tião Freitas"


"Reppin Sierra College in Rocklin, Cali. and livin in Nevada County.  Basketball and my Brittany are my life."
"I`m 22 yrs old. I Live in AZ. Luv listenin to all types of music, luv to read, sketch, and hang wit the amigos."


"Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.  "









"Atriz de corpo e alma!"






"lover of life looking to reinvent myself with new adventures and possibilities."













"Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we`re here, we may as well dance"




"This is where I talk about important stuff like my hair, theatre projects and comedy."




"Me sigam e eu tambem os seguirei."




"Originally from Birmingham, AL now living in Atlanta, GA. "
"......................................................RED_DEVIL ..............................................................................."



Awake!

"Lately I`m a desperate believer~"
"#teamDROID #igotCHOman #teamFollowBack #teamFancy #teamDrizzyM-FxckinDay #TATTED #iLOVEapplejuice #muiscismyboyfriend #teamNaked #teamMYNIGGA"





"Greater Orleans Canada Day at Petrie Island 2009 - Plans are well underway!"





"Médico Ortopedista e Traumatologista Casado com Vanessa e Pai de João Carlos P. Filho"
whylie.com

"I love Naruto, and have a huge crush on Naruto, Kabuto, Kiba, Orochimaru, Tobi, Deidara, and Shikamaru."
"Looks can be decieving."

"I am a pretty big METAL HEAD! & a student..."

" I am a member of A Movement Walking, also apart of Uplift ent.. I live my life the way I want with few regrets.."





"Loving the married life...hatin this army post"

"@ SIGAM-ME OS BONS! :: Não sou livro para ter resumo; muito menos ser julgado pela capa... :: "




"Couldn`t resist it. Sorry Nick"



"fresh, fun wedding & portrait photography"
文系就職を目指していたのは過去の話。プログラミングはまだまだ種籾レベル。Cとjavaとpythonが書けたような。最近は格ゲーを好むがさしてうまくない。CS2011。




"Musico Contrabaixista da Ass.de Deus Min.Perus em Ag.Vm,Adorador do Cristo Vivo da Cidade de Francisco Morato"

"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"

"Hey there im a 28 year old mother who works full time to support my family. I enjoy spending time with my 10 year old son and going to his sports activities."




hola








休みに部屋でジッとしてられない性分です。
"Leading role in The Adventures of Pre-Schoolers. Mama of 3! Mix of family humor, pop culture and politics."


"I am PlanetCazmoBoyHelp"
"I`m 23 and I`m an ICU nurse"


"Gamer, otaku, dork. I`m a geek. I blog about nonsense. My best friend is a cartoonist. Be jealous. "

"Love live, yoga, surf, ocean, cooking, design, music, peace, ...namaste"






"living the good life on a small island."











"Male 18 years old looking to go professional football player"

















"HUGE... LAKERS, RAIDERS, YANKEES and MMA fan!"
"Living...Learning...Loving! I have favor and is DESTINED to do something GREAT! #ClaimingmyBlessing #TeamMe #AAMU "




"Transplanted Mountaineer - Hubby & I love NASCAR (Rusty, Tony & Kurt), WVU, MSU, Red Wings, Broncos, deer & turkey hunting, & fishing when we can."

"We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets. -Marilyn Monroe"




"Media Consultant, Rotherham United fan, appeared on Come Dine With Me qith The Chuckle Brothers but most importantly a loving Husband and Dad"

"I`m a Dog.What can I say? Bark?  How typical. I am d-weeting to let everyone know Dogs have thoughts 2. We need to be loved and heard. "

"Just like a diamond the more I`m cut, sliced,and hurt the more I shine,,"
"Wife and mom to 4. 2 Teens,a tween and  princess. I married a prince and daughter to the most high KING. In my spare time,I work for WOMEN OF FAITH. "
"Graduate. Day dreamer. Blogger. Cooking, eating, loving food without limit."
"I`m like Tinkerbell. I need applause to live!"




"married for 24 yrs and have two boys 24 yrs old and 11 yrs old"



"London based theatre Swede going on about all sorts. Administrative Producer for the Barbican Theatre. Purely personal opinions."


"Freelance TV guy, living in Chicago after years in LA"

"Not you"


"Unofficial feed from the Presidio community"

"I am a Single Gay White Guy Living In Toledo Ohio I am 30 and a Bttm Looking Hit me up"


"Periodista y ahora mamá las 24 horas del día."

"jst 18teen year old boy liveing life "


"Live, Laugh, Love    #Team TBS Sp.04 #6  #JSU Sonic Boom #JSUAlumni"





"Stereotypes suck"
"Live life to the fullest, keep working hard, stay focused. "



"Photographer/Travel & Cruise Specialist/Geocacher/Figure Skater/Musical Theater and NASCAR lover"




"6`3 200lbs, hazel eyes, dark brown hair...HUGE into music, and have great goals."

"We talk about NC music. And probably pooping a lot too. "





"This is the selena-collection.try.hu`s twitter.Enjoy (L) :D"


"Hia!! Follow mee and sub to me on youtube!! xxxCHAZ4LIFExxx Well im jst some kid that loves to hang out with my friends and jst have fun!! :)"

"i`m here to kill time, so go ahead a click that Follow button! i don`t bite unless provoked :` x"

"communication design student at chulalongkorn university :-  visit my facebook page for more info: http://facebook.com/keurkeur"
"Korzybski developed the theory of general semantics. Language is a code, a set of symbols to represent reality. The symbol is not the thing itself "










"Tv and Film electrician. I also am a photographer for parties, weddings, headshots, and anything else I can do. "

"Corporate travel planner and agency owner for over 20 years."

"Only I can love me more than you!!! ©"



"Eo soou eo Bláblábláa... Ariana, Sãopaulina, Feliz, Extrovertida, Chata, Cabeçuda, Besta quasee sempre... Enfiim ... Eoo sou Eoo..."



"Online store for Jewels and Watches"

"Avoiding Society .  "










"hey im rebecca freshman at FAU ready to party ;)"

"Singer/Songwriter, College Student, Full Time Hippie!!"




"seseorang yg selalu berusaha memberikan yg terbaik, meski kadang dipandang sebelah mata. "










"I`m an independent professional wrestler, living life the way I chose, and always myself."


"Passionate about life, art and motherhood."
"Jornalista, Diretor de Formação e Mobilização do Sindjorn,dirigente do PCdoB,Chefe de Gabinete do Ver.George Câmara,pai do Ian Franco e companheiro da Andrea Sá"



"Growing up, making many mistakes along the way. I am, who I am. Nothing more, nothing less."













"SelfMade   Abnormal   Anonymous   T®IPP¥ !"




"I live in Antioch California.I have a beautiful wife, 2 perfect children. I am an artist, musician. I`m a positive and witty person."
"Social Medial Marketing and SEO is my thing, I work for Toast Design part time but my life revolves around my kids, boyf, family and ipad 2. "







"people describe me as CRAZY ,outspoken,& ALWAYS REAL I PERSONALLY DESCRIBE MYSELF AS BEING extraordinary"





"Musician/Teacher in NJ"
"tall, skinny, and kind of a hipster. my middle name is `awesome`.  fakeericjones.tumblr.com"





"BPM Architect"
"Very Happily married, with 5 great kids! Bristol City fan...."



"The Exclusive Snowboard Shop"




"Retrouvez toute l`actualité de Cannes 2009 sur Dailymotion !"











"IT-Specialist from Northern Finland"





"Annual scientific symposium for neurotrauma clinicians & research scientists in the field of neurotrauma"
"مسلم ، عربي، سوري ،حمصي  جرثومة (مندث ثابقا) "


"Software Engineer , working in Cheltenham Gloucestershire,UK"










"Moved from L. I. to L. A. in 2004.  "


simple
"movies.music.books & noodles :D"
"Black Man on the Raise with every Horizon..."






"I`m just an ordinary guy with a simple heart lost in an unkind world."






"Archivist mainly, I photograph things too. Don`t expect consistency nor, indeed, coherence. "




"CPA, Tech Geek, 2x MU Grad, Reads Directions and Manuals, Software Junkie, Blogger, Lover of Independent Retailers, POS and Bar Codes "
"bar granma　店長 水戸唯一のエレクトロパーティー EDGE - Mito Electro Music Society -　主宰"

"pop singer/songwriter"



















"❖ - .:. photographer."

"holding on to nothing, i need to learn to let go."
"Enjoying life in a world where we can embrace ourselves and each other in peace and harmony.  http://tinyurl.com/ngg5w5"






"Humanitarian, Practicing Philanthropist, Political Activist, Music Producer."


"Miss San Diego but Tampa isn`t so bad! Love to read. Go Sun Devils"


"Registered Pharmacists! "

"JUST ME REAL AND AUTHENTIC COPYRIGHTS RESERVED"
"Kenndy Lopez"
"I hate myself. JK! I`m awesome."

Indescribable





"Univ. of Ala. - Roll TIDE Obsessed: Politics, Vodka & Cran, Family, Cats, Learning, Music, Travel. Major: Poly Sci. Grad: Law School. Outlook: Clear/Care-fr"





"Dnt dick eat me cuz i get a lot of that jeezy voice lol. "




"PALAVRAS NÃO PODEM EXPRESSAR OQUE SOU OU COMO SOU, PALAVRAS NÃO EXPRESSÃO MINHA SUBJETIVIDADE. QUER SABER COMO SOU? VENHA ME CONHECER"


"Tecnologia, Publicidade, Marketing, Estrategias Comerciais e Novos Negócios."



"Web Developer working and learning the codes of the web one syntax at a time."




"Administrador de Empresas com especialização em Marketing. Atuando no segmento de Telecomunicações desde 2002."

"Bring refreshing bubble tea drinks to South Florida!"

"Regularly irregular an dinexplicably simple"





"It`s me  "
"Fashion, costume designer (crystallized)"









"I like beautiful things with a tinge of ugly."



"Fashion, photography, eating. What more do you need?"













"Born: Planet Earth Origen: Unknown Propose in life: Unknown "
"Working with others to explore and address the complexities of organisational life."

"Aquαrio,18TAO,Sαntos,CHARLIE BROWN JR,cheiα de sonhos prα reαlizαr;CHORAO ♥_♥ e nαo sei fαzer umα Bio ;D RÁ`"
offline.






"Fashion. Beauty. Labia. Politics. Music. Old school obsessed (Its 1991 in my head). **Monster. They say I make the best Chai Lattes. ;-)"

scum








"Ing. Electricista, Profesor de PostGrado U.C.V. Area de SCADA (Sistemas de Supervisión y Control)"
"Tenho 22 anos, Militar do EB, sou do signo de escorpião, amo coisas naturais, meio ambiente, amo ouvir música, sou tímido e estou amando esse clima ♡"











"De nieuwste radioshow op Accent FM; De VrijdagAvondShow!"

"I enjoying living life, loving life, spending time with friends and family....and of course traveling!"
"USA Calls, inc. "


"i stoppped chasing everyone and trying to fix everything;i didnt give up, i just realized i dont need everyone, the bullshit, and the drama they bring."
"Rich and Chocolatey"






"im 20 years old and loving the love of my life"
"Writer. Journalist. Ed-tech. Online community. Consultant. Media. News. Washington Nationals. http://www.craigcolgan.com"
"Horse Communication and Psychology expert and scientist. Founder of an academy for Equine Studies located in Duesseldorf, Germany. "



"building disciples globaly!"

適当な事をいう、思い出し笑い、フラグ立てるだけ選手権があったら関東代表はカタいと思います。キモオタです、夜な夜な作品を見てはﾋﾞｬｰﾋﾞｬｰ言って二次創作みてはﾌﾞﾋﾌﾞﾋ言って妄想してはｱﾊｧｱｱｱﾝとか言ってます。普段は地味で薄給な仕事したり寝たり割と真面目に文章書いたりしてます。仕事が選べるならばＡＶの企画。




"♥ "

"Like me or not, it don`t affect me any."



"I`m into  music, church & family.  I truly believe that happiness is found through a spiritual connection and your relationships with family & friends!"


"I`m Rachel:]"


"Be the change you want for our world"
"Mommy.Student.Reader.Perpetually Single.Lover.Handful.Sarcastic.Witty.Smart.Luminous.Megalomaniac.Phantasmagorical."
"Créature du web"

"You like robots, kid?"


"Suffering the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. Otherwise just chilling."












"likes listening to and telling stories."
"FXinated to da bone... livin` life to da FXtreme "

"Student, pop-culturist, random thing lover "




"retired and living again"


"charlotte crackett dancer  performing arts. "
"yo im madi and i love mac gutenburg!!!! aka SUPERMAC18!!!! i am hi #1 fan ok so ya he is awesome and hey my youtube account is aerogal08 so check it out!!!!"
"orgullosa fan de los bsb y de westlife, de tobbys y oviamente de alejandro fernandez..tambien de mau ochmann,mau mancera y serge sepulveda :P jaja "
"I am a FISHAHOLIC "












"The Myth, The Legend, The Comeback, 2009, LDC forever"

"makin money like real estate"
"Landlord, Chef, Cellarman, Brewer, Delivery Driver, HR Manager, IT Manager, Beer taster and Husband!! The Vale Inn and Bollington Brewing Co."



"Nunca ande pelo caminho traçado, pois ele conduz somente até onde os outros já foram !"

"Born in a middle of confusion where I`m stayind waiting for someone to rescue me :D"



"Professional scholar that is interested in media, social networking, politics, nutrition, and current events."




"Fun-loving thrill seeker"
"Il social network di chi ama Firenze / The social network for people who love Florence"



"I am _______"








"I love Briards, the beach and teaching.  Oh yea, and Kev."
"Fashion Design Student at De La Salle College of Saint Benilde. "
"I do a bit of this, that ,and the other."
"Traveler   Communicator   Motivator   Loves Music, Urban Art, Photography, Social Media & Sport"














"Internet Marketer "
"Hi, Im Angie and I am a beauty therapist. I specialise in individual eyelash extensions. I own a VW Golf and a VW Beetle"
"Seitai healer trained in Japan, love to travel here and there, raising my kids, enjoying life and sharing it"



"Church Geek"

"Lifetime biker, work on Harleys, build frames, machine custom parts, drink hard, then ride hard, in that order.   "
"Stats: Nov23           Loc: ON, CA                                 NO PHOTO SHOP BABY!"

"This is my private account. If you want to follow me, try my professional @mattklawitter"

"Life is PURE MAGIC!"



"me in one word: complicated."
"Married to Brian, Mother to Ashley, Nick and Benjamin. Three pets; Starsky, Emma and Boris."
"Visual Artist/Designer/Illustrator/Nerd"








help?








か……空気…？




www.facebook.com/nytelightsz




"We are a new church for the Alliance, Texas area"




"Leeds, Music, Food, Socialism, Ukulele, History, Books, Travel, Technology, Art, Whiskey, Postgrad, Spoken Word, Tech, Roll-ups, Debate, Wine... Pick any three."
"gas network engineer.loves fast cars ,pubs ,animals "


"teacher and adviser in ICT: communication, online reputation management, competitive intelligence & information security"

"Clouthing, showroom, Art, Music, Time travel...Math."


"Wandering around and exploring life. Like to  play with a camera, travel, watches, and maybe a slight fascination with gadgets. "
"cool guy............"



promoter
"Televison Producer, Writer,Vounteer,Public Relations,"








"im the OG bitch"


"Herpa derpa derpa derp."
"Live, Love, Laughhhh Life`s to short"






"好奇心旺盛で新しいもの好き。 猫っぽい性格。最近のお気に入り→一眼レフで写真撮影。パン作り。ヘンプアクセサリー作り。ウォーキング。 "


"follow me n ill follow u back #teamfollowback "

"irdgaf , & my excuse is that younq ( : ! "



"Scouting for FSM`s!"


"FrustratedSinger. ;) /m/"











"If you even dream of beating me, you`d better wake up and apologize!"










millionaire

"In the south, but a city girl at heart!"






"hey! im dana.i practically dance 24/7! i am a christian and i have been dancing for 11 years now...i cant think of anything else haha"


"im courtney. fourteen. i have the most amazing boyfriend. i make mistakes. ive messed up. im not perfect but im me."





"Make Each Day Count!"
"Happily married and mother to one beautiful baby boy, born in May, 2010!"




"I am a liberal Eagle Scout"


"Progressive leadership & organizational development Coach/Consultant, co-author Stepping Stones to Success, vol 1 w/Deepak Chopra, Jack Canfield & Denis Waitley"
Internisti
"I am an actor, comedian, writer, artist, musician, and all around sports maniac! I like people from everywhere and all walks of life, we are all connected! "






"I love to live and I live to love."
"I`m silly, odd, dork, don`t give a fuck, jelly, not easily getting pissed but if u try imma be an evil."



"Fonoaudióloga clínica, paulistana, com criação em São José dos Campos, a vida meio em Guarulhos, meio em Sorocaba (junto ao core) e o futuro ainda a definir..."
"Just be yourself, because life is too short to be anyone else"
"Professora, batalhadora, guerreira, mãe e mulher de muita garra! Vivo e não tenho vergonha de dizer: SOU FELIZ!"




"Senior Mortgage Consultant"


"mon the honest"



"//25//PS3//Music//RHCP//R+//Pink Floyd//Livin` the Joy//Crasy//Noodles//Kapsalon//"


"Slavishly trying to keep up with the wife"




"composer and musical arranger..."


"19 De Dic 1992 CF Sushi Música Electro Trance Pop Actividades Volleyball Baloncesto Ajedrez Bailar Viajar Caracter Tranquilo Sociable Tolerante Alegre "





"Andy Dehnart babysits television`s bastard child, reality TV; writes about TV & culture; teaches journalism @StetsonU; and performs improv comedy @SAKComedyLab"


"linguist. hockey nut. pittsburgher."



"Director, Project Khalid Board Member, HacDC Founding Officer, Global Zero "
"Leading Application Specific Monitor Company based in Alderley Edge. Also manufacturers dvd duplicators, DAS and NAS."

"Grafisch Center, intermediair in drukwerk, specialist in boeken tijdschriften / periodieken en digitaal drukwerk."





"Night Life Model/Mogul!. "




"Tonya, 20 - proud wife of a United States Marine; Tom :) "
"Soon to be first time mommy!!!"


"alexa brook dorris; single; bestfriends, family, God"

"Mother, Wife, working on getting my own buisness : I LOVE GOD & HE LOVE`S ME "


















"check out my mom`s FB page, she makes Button Bracelets to raise money for breast cancer... http://www.facebook.com/ButtonBraceletsForBreastCancer"
"Estudiante de Odontologia"






"I have a thing for nice eyebrows"




"Construction at it`s Finest"
"you gotta get with it, gotta put some sick with it. "




"this is for you"




"Dedicated and Motivated "
"I`m 22 years old. I live id sunnyside washington, i like to run."





"Christian, web developer/designer, lover, worshipper, musician, photographer, thinker, social media person, brother, gamer, friend, also @edkimdesigns"
"The Episcopal Church in Western Washington"




"Well there`s me, the bloke, the toddler of terror and licky licky dog."
"Busing Sussex"


"just love me."

"Follow the white rabitt..."



"Investment banking, sales, trading, hedge funds and private equity training program"





"2D Game Artist and loving it."
" ♪ E mesmo com tudo diferente, veio mesmo, de repente uma vontade de se ver... E os dois se encontravam todo dia e a vontade crescia, como tinha de ser ♫       "








"Tourism adviser, planner & representative for your business in Australia & New Zealand; and BNI contact for Sydney`s Inner West"



"Más que nada, soy un desmadre bien bonito."
"Yeah Im a motherfucker call me Delonte, same complexion as Harry Belefonte, you Taylor Swift Im Kanye but no apologies made by Beyonce. #planetbyoung"
"Truth seeker and joyrider across the universe.  "

"80% caffeine, and 20% sass. "




"i like pizza and chillin"
"Crazy in sales, can`t laugh enough, living life as simply as possible, and sharing sweet tea. Have you rubbed Buddha`s belly lately?"





"rebel girls follow their hearts. "



"An exciting and novel concept to see the research, development and deployment of a truly multipurpose artificial reef and coastal icon "


"I publish travel magazines on Asia and the Pacific. Always on the move looking for the best places to stay."
"PORTAL MONTAŽNE HIŠE je namenjen vsem, ki jih zanimajo montažne hiše, načrti, oprema, novice, trendi in nasveti zgradba, zasnova, montažnih hiš, ter tuji ..."



Ci、鳥夜、太い親指とカラカウア通りとオシャレを愛してやまない必死なアンチエイジンガー



"Vamos exigir o Direito à Alimentação na Constituição! Publique twitts com a tag #vencerapobreza e dê força ao movimento."


"my motto: live until you die, because this will be the end ! "






"Niquaa Mama & Nay Twitter :) We Are Three Friends That Shares A Twitter :-* ."














"Media trainer & PR director who adores her son and husband in equal measure. Relishes good films, art and wine, also in equal measure."
"Mexican Ninja"



"I tweet about philanthropy and nonprofits, city life, traveling, and sometimes, the inner workings of my creative brain."

"Where are we eating and drinking next?"


"Grew up in Boulder, CO and now living in Broomfield!"
"I seem to spend a lot of my time growing vegetables and increasingly teaching yoga. Am also obsessed with being organised. Perhaps a little too obsessed... "
"I am 25 love life and always up for a giggle ;)"

"Hazel Creative Services brings you affordable, effective marketing solutions."

"Check out http://www.firstimpression-marketing.com/robin_moore.html for my bio."

"Daniel Tosh ;)"

"geek, dork, nerd, student, engineering intern, stylophile, tablet pc fan, transgender"
"Learn to understand the difference between disagreeing, and sheer disobedience."



"Vou mostrando como sou e vou sendo como posso, jogando meu corpo no mundo, andando por todos os cantos... "







"Upcoming artist,tryn to get muh clothin line thing together too. Soo I got 6ig planez homie."




"Westerwolde Actueel   Dé nieuwssite van Westerwolde!   Nieuws uit de gemeenten Vlagtwedde, Bellingwedde, Pekela en omstreken."



"Just 1 person trying to make a difference."
"Middle aged cyclist with a sense of humour - sometimes."



Artist


"Straight vibing"






"KaLeigh is my name duh! I love music, photography, art, traveling, and animals. 20 b-day 9-3. I`m a Believer!!"

"I wonder the world, I seek what I lost, I wake up everyday, runaway, runaway girl, you turn and I`m gone, I`m leaving to chase my fate- @drakkardnoir "
"変態です。漫画好きです。 銀魂・D灰・DR・君と僕。・APH・青エク・T&B・べるぜ・うたプリ… 腐です。BLラブ！ 今ハマってるのは 志摩燐・空折・土沖・イザシズ・おがふる・那翔 一応pixivもしてる http://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=1154038"


"find what you love...love what you find."

"Just an Adam Lambert fan."
"GLAAD Director of Religion Faith & Values (where I get to be a religion geek), Lutheran, sarcastic"

"Texan living in St. Joseph, MI for a spell"








"I`m trying to bring out my evil self.  Perhaps Twitter can help me do that one tweet at a time."


"Undercover world adventurer disguised as an HR Manager and family man"















"Working as attorney in Riverside via San Diego via Chicago via Tucson via San Diego. Go Padres/Chargers!"
"I`m in to things and stuff. Not necessarily in that order. You can follow me, but don`t go thinking I`m talking to you, unless I ask who you are."





"Humble Programmer"






"Love biology, adventuring, photography, calm situation, nature, literature and arts, climbing, and English, Announcer @ Matras 13 Radio"



"A BROKE COLLEGE STUDENT. DIGITAL PROMOTER. A GIRLFRIEND OF A GIRL. _ ^ PROMOTIONS. I PAY BILLS. I WORK HARD. WHAT A BEAUTIFUL LIFE LOL.  "
"For unto every one that hath shall be given. and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath - [OUTLIERS]"
"To live life intensely and with responsibility"

"My poop is considered currency in some countries"




"I have sex for a living.  I am here to share with you my somewhat unconventional life. Fly me."

白文鳥と桜文鳥とオカメインコを飼っています。文鳥たちは野生化しています。オカメインコはなついてくれているのでうれしいです。
blabla


"Edição de foto e vídeo, dança popular, cultura regional e samba muito samba!!"
"encouraging everyone to ` share the health `"







FEZをBネツだったりMHF配信とか、とかとか



"Thats my private Twitter Account where you can follow me."
"Father/Husband/Entertainment, Music and Sports Attorney & Social Media Crusader. Want my attention? Make me laugh! Tweet about sports @ImTheSportsDude. "


"You should get to know me."













"Secret Rock Star, Pretty Pretty Princess, Tattoo Collector, Beauty Maker, Art Nerd"
Jornalista.Mãe.Espiã.






美味しいご飯とお酒があれば幸せです。国産ワイン大好き。夏は登山、冬はスキーの日々でしたが、靭帯を切って以来、家で引きこもる日が増えています。



"Married Female. Self-employed"





"Panthera Leo"







"Biggest database of papers!"
"  jom klik jer link ini http://jutawanklik.com/?a_aid=alhamdulillah86 terus dapat duit senag kan so jom klik ramai2 yer"





"Simple Girl with a goal in life. That`s about it. How about You?"




"Angry white male"


"Adventure-prone, white collar, music-lover who probably belongs locked up in an invention/idea think tank somewhere in the Rocky Mountains."



"...La sociedad puede ser engañada algunas veces, pero el error no es prolongado y los medios de corregirlo se hallan siempre en su mano...  "



"graffiti+art+design+web "





"jazz personality. G mentality. eat ur fkn heart out :)"


"What I was, my students want to be. But even more. This is Mizzou, after all"




"hi. i love dance and i love to sing!!!  i lloovvee chocolate!!!!!!!!!1 and ketchup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      xx"

"Im Shane. i play guitar and video games. Gamertag Technicpyro"


"I am simply charming and i live it out in words, thoughts and deeds"


"Job #1 Forensic Tech / Job #2 Promoter / Job #3 Photographer = FULL TIME MONEY MAKER"









"Director of award-winning communications agency EdComs. Digital education specialist. Music and dance enthusiast.  "










"Mommy.Wife.Songwriter.Emotera! Netrepreneur via whatsonsale.multiply.com UP Diliman. Sigma delta Phi.MCO.JMA.Miriam College.Clean Up the Philippines"





"There is alwsys a way,"



"Peaceful alien stranded on a strange and violent planet."





"Artigos Indianos e Orientais, Marguiles, Batas, Decorações, Bijouterias, Sarees, Punjabes, Kaftas e muito mais variedade! Dúvidas?"
"Artist, writer, singer, actress, and most of all a dreamer."
"Please Follow Me. I got no friend, please be my friend, and I wish you love, success, and happiness. "
"Jenkinsの翻訳とかプラグイン作ってます。 ニューカッスルが降格しないことを祈る日々 "



"#teamDancer #teamBEAUTIFUL #teamScorpio #teamJOY&hearts;"







"This is Sage, Sage means very wise"
















"I animate on GoAnimate and act on youtube"












Happiness
"Sales Manager for Travelodge Hotel YVR. 160rooms on 11floors w/ indoor swimming pool, hot tub, fitness center and free wireless Internet. Meeting room on site."









"kottayam-ernakulam-trivandrum (cet)-Pune, Bangalore (patni)-Ettumanoor,Anchal(sbt)"



ATLien
"Hello Hello! I live in Los Angeles."
"Cheap flights"
"Las cosas raras me buscan, porque soy tan irresistible para ellas.. #Hablamierdista #Tetonico #PotterHead"
"ngegombal tanpa ada yang digombali itu sakit. sekian."

"I`m a health policy analyst and I enjoy studying ethical, legal & social issues related to genetics, genomics & personalized medicine."
"Romantic, feminist, queer, artist, poet, loud, quiet, outspoken, soft-spoken, laid-back, business, casual. Enjoys alliteration, bubble tea & the perfect chai."

"I am a troublemaker, couch potato !"



"Im a disgruntled web designer and im going to tweet & blog about it!"


"Student -Bachelor of Education "




"I Love watching movies, playing sports, doing crafts."





"Don`t do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset. "




"I am a Producer/Volunteer/Actor/Traveler striving daily to make the world a better place while I strive to become a better person."

"Big man on campus."



"Las Vegas based bikini model, bikini contest champion, bikini designer! VIP Cocktail Server at Encore Beach Club"




"Certified Sommelier, employee of Vino Volo and the Wine Mine, wine and food pairing..always thirsty for wine and knowledge. biking, hiking, kettlebells"


"genealogy, family history, quilts, crafts, spitituality, UFO and paranormal"

"I`m the Original BROWN kid!"

"Romantic dark fantasy, pararnormal, & scifi author. Published at Freya`s Bower, Love You Divine, and Torquere, contracted with Running Press."





"Makeup Artist"



"Games Programmer, Wing Chun practitioner and Yo-yo extraordinaire. Ok maybe not so good at the Yo-yo but it`s still fun!"







"So much to do, so little time."


"Riding a HP Streetmachine GTe in RAL3020 Verkehrsrot"
"Document Destruction Company"
"I`m obessed with Fashion,Music,Books & my Besties (; xoxo"
"i`d like to thank the fans."


"FTS: On Deck is a sports blog, specializing in baseball featuring articles, audio, and video. http://www.fromthestandsmedia.com"


hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!


"Beer-brewing engineer who designs brewery plants all over the world..."






"Ammm soy como se me pega la gana ser!! hahaha XP"











"The oldest and most entertaining festival in Silicon Valley "
"I`m indecisive......I can`t decide :)"

"Navy wife. Mom to TWO boys. certified Spinning instructor. half marathoner. Les Mills addict. Bootcamp lover. bookworm. music junkie. 60 pounds lighter!"

"Im a Mom, a wife and best of all a child of God!"
"Love to live, live to love."




"Tyler Andrew Lynn   17 years young   Evansville, IN   In love with @ladygaga †   This year, things are gonna be different. And that`s a promise."

"I like pandas?"


.




"I`m not anything special. I`m just your average Sixteen year old girl. I`ve done bad things in my life, but it doesn`t stop me from doing other things."





"Loving life and providing the tools for businesses to instantly communicate with customers through social, email, text and online marketing + custom websites."
"Vou olhar os caminhos, o que tiver mais coração eu sigo. - CFA"






"I`m 19, From LA, fun, stubborn, sarcastic, shy, love music & concerts. Sister, Aunt, Artist. Lovatic. Just a dork.  "
"Jill of all trades, mistress of none, although I`m working on becoming a mistress of aerial dance."


"Internet Passionista in Business & Pleasure. Head of Creative & Network Products @ ninemsn.com.au but tweets not endorsed: they`re from my own crazy lil mind :)"






" "






"I heart things w strings"


"Bis mind, Bis time, Bis grind anything else is a waste of time straight from the dark ages ripping through the pages "


"i like to grow flowers and travel. "




"Living Life 2 The Fullest!!!"



"Magician, artist, writer, creator, & paramedic. I don`t sleep a lot, love life more than anyone I know, and believe in the best of you. Stay awesome."






"What goes around comes around"

"It`s Me."

"short and cuddley!!!!!!!! "






"I work. I photograph stuff when I remember. This is when my ipod is off, my guitar is away and I`m not eating. Or watching football. Or cricket."

"Married with Children....."
"Sigma info and events"












"Team lesbian  # team fuck yo feelings   I`m 21 grown so beat yo feet  under age ass kids # team hate weak hoes"
"badminton, ptt, baseball, software, 3C, iPhone"

"A nice dose of reality with your dessert!"
"Im a wife, mother of 2 beautiful kids, daughter, and aunt of 10!  I LOVE turbo jam and love love workin out and staying fit!!!"
"my name is Josh,i am 15 and attend IGS"
"Simple as can be...I do Hair & Makeup for theater and beauty pageants. Married, 18 yr old daughter and a Christian :)"


"alive and well... in love with Catherine & crazy about the man with the long hair, the nice beard and the heart of gold."







"Your following a triple threat!  (singer, dancer, actor)"

"A God fearing man who knows where he`s at and where he`s going and will do anything to get there.... GO HARD OR GO HOME..."
"I LIKE  TO CHILL PAINTBALL PLAY FOOTBALL AND HANG WITH FRIENDS"





"Tweet you. "



"I play in a band called The Sophomore Attempt"







"technology PR flack and eternal geek"


"Single mom who loves to live and lives to love!!"






"Wanna know summat about me ask me!!!"


"Space of Sound pela primeira vez no Brasil No dia 10 de outubro, a capital carioca vai ferver. Inédito no país, o HSBC Arena irá receber a Turnê Mundial SPS WT"


"living my life with my love in stavnager"

"I`m a huge Twilight Saga Fan. Especially Of Jackson Rathbone"


"Doing it!"


"  i live life to the fullest born and raised in the city of gangsters chicago"




" investigative journalist .  THE PERFECT CHAOS THEORY IN PRACTICE CHECKS IMBALANCES"









"jerry and roger"

"Rentfusion a nationwide computer rental company offering computers, laptops, audio visual equipments with technical support and services."



"hey to all who know me im here on twitter come find me!"






BEEP





"Visual Artist www.zory.org.uk"
Happy!

"Played basketball for Westover High School, now at University of North Carolina Pembroke... #PutGodFirst #PembrokeBasketball #Nodaysoff #TeamUncp "


"I`m #1* (among men who are Creative Directors, Designers, Gamers, Dads and Greek, who live in Maryland)"

"I sell Zebu calves and Black angus cattle"





"Thin Blue Line Member"



"Every child has a special need- LOVE!"



"Entrepreneuer: COO of ApartmentK LLC.... Follow @apartmentK Get Inspired. Get Motivated. "


"...you`re so hypnotizing You got me laughing while i sing, You got me smiling in my sleep... "


"lucy will sleep in rosie`s lullaby and then will have breakfast at tiffany`s and hope will not be late though sally can wait"






"oh hey my  name is crissy::status[taken and in love]"
"I`m LEGEND wait for it.. DARY!"



"The world is 1 big school, that`s y some of us r in a lower class while others are in upper classes. From lower class u go up, what abt from upper class?"









"I subjugate innuendos."





"You might know me by my aftershave."



"Ácida, sarcástica y de pocas palabras! "
"This is real, this is me."
"I love you 3"

"Loving real extremely spicy food"

Artist


"Pool and Open Water Coach"

"OHAI, a follower of Christ.  Love the Lord, Praise the Lord.  "
"Finally found true happiness"






"AKA cucumberluv1028"






"Southern European & Middle Easter Cuisine"
"Financial Services PR & marketing, with interest in travel, food, and fashion. "
"Christian, mommy, wife, mary kay consultat"
"19. i like food & tumblr. insert stupid/witty quote here. "





"Some people call me Amanda, but most people call me Cef. Music, writing, reading, softball, tennis. That`s all you need to know for now."
"I will be alright, if I can find that rainbow`s... end..."





"National Manager race a quad love all forms of motorsport. Married with two daughters 18 and 12."
"Gerente de contas Myatech"











"Group CTO, Incisive Media"


"Full time student, and amateur photographer"

"Live.Dance.Love.Sing. Everylife is worth living!"





"This ur girl Brooklyn aka ms.unstoppable. Any other questions just ask!"




"(#team white owl) no discription cause dat mean you would kno me...just kno im down to earth n real as they come "
"have the seagulls squawked in your ears yet? follow @thegullsri."





"Bursting with creative energy and Mama in Chief at Innocent Oils. Passionate about keeping your skin naturally healthy and beaming without the nasties."
"GREW UP IN DETROIT JOINED THE ARMY TRAVELED THE WORLD WOULD LIKE MY COUNTRY TO LIVE UP TO ITS FULL POTENTIAL"
"Indie Film Showcase"

"Information about West Nile Virus activity in Yakima County"



"Hey, it`s me Devyn!"
"Drama Teacher-Singer"

"Its Jack and the Beanstalk in 2011...what more could you ask for?"

"Só quem conhece sabe! (: (óbvio né)"
"Creative Gurl"


"CEO of TripSchedule.com"



"No New World Order ::::: Revolutionary and Lover ::::: Liberty and Individuality ::::: Gorgeous Women and Guns"



"it is what it is "

"Eu = Café + Insónia + Música Pesada + Publicidade + Marketing + Design + Carbono + Água + Mau Gosto + Mau Feitio."




"Muleke bom!"








"Saulo "



"soccer playa boy."




"There is nothing that me and my Wonder Woman UnderRoos can`t handle today"










"If you are not living on the edge, youre taking up too much room..."




"Figuring out me and my life are my top priorities at the moment"


"freelancer communications"




"Jesus Christ is my Savior   Proud Belmont Bruin   Nursing Student"



"`We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams` #roalddahl"

" "




" GOD- FAMILY-COUNTRY....Ask me about.ADT Security Solutions for your business."
#F.L.Y

"What can i say... i am an Internet Maketer"


"rock paper scissors lizard spock"






"Sy Ntuli is an award winning African-jazz musician, producer & composer. His debut CD UYIVILA won Metro FM Award-Best Jazz Album. Get his new CD now! "






"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"





"Ordinary guy transformed into Frustrated Researcher"





"Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras"

"Must Heart Dogs!"












"Life`s too short to worry about what others say or think about you.  Have fun and give them something to talk about...."





"null"


"Transformational teacher, hypnotherapist, writer, healer, internet messenger. I assist you to create extraordinary transformation & healing in your life. "



"I`ve got sass. Even more sass when I wear a dress."













"Whatever your mood - romantic, sexy, adventurous, naughty or nice, Lover`s Choice has something for everyone."

"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"
"down to earth"







"Texas realtor specialing in assisting buyers, sellers, and special expertise in assisting homeowners at risk of foreclosure."
"14 yr. old girl trying to become a singer and actress"
Gott











"Simple life bright future "


"~Im me and i will start by lettin everyone kno..IM ALLERGIC TO BULLSHIT AND DRAMA...   #Teamlesbian #teamidgf #teamfollowback"


"2 Blogger, eine Ehe. Glaube. Medien. Gadgets. Web. Kirche."


"we at farm, we get married.  married?  yes, married!  sheesh!"




"All about guns, and sports. Proud husband and father, proud to be a southern American."
"love them SKINS"
"Minden, ami mozgókép"

"South Tyneside News, Sport and Entertainment"












"H£y My NAM£ iZz JOhn I`m N£W 2DiZz TW££t Shyt BUt I`LL G£t US£ 2it..W£LL iAM FUNNy,KOOL,OUTGOiNG,Nd iLUV2 PARty♥LOL.ND G£t HiGh D£N Ay KiT£♣"

"Roller Derby, Wine, and Books"


"Web Marketing & Dev + Marketing, Ad & Design"
"what do you want to know about me?"



" A SCIENTIST IN LOVE WITH BIG PRESIDENT  FACES....."

"Grand Valley Lanthorn, the student-run newspaper at Grand Valley State University."

LIVE.LAUGH.LOVE



"A proud husband and father. A huge fan of Cardinal baseball, Texans football, and all MIZZOU sports."



"Heyyy:) yeh I don`t know what to put here :D x"

"Music in Action!"

"We live by the current, plan by the tides, and follow the sun. "













"Consultora de Beleza Mary Kay"



"I`m not a cult but you can still Follow me."
"Loves to text and play tennis"

"I am a photographer based out of Gadsden, Al. "



"Director of Technology at MCDS, a K-8 independent school"









"Live, Love, Laught "


"scottish but living in northern ireland"




"i plan and publicly relate."

"Transplanted (or uprooted) Brit in the US who plays Irish traditional flute for band called Skibbereen"






"shoes, booze, and boys with tattoos"


"11.29   Catholic "

"Just a girl who is in LoV3 with JUSTIN BIEBER!"

"Huh? What? "



"when ur life  comes flashing before your eyes make sure every bit of it was worth liven !!!"




"I don`t like to drink milk. It`s gross."

"Insomniac who loves to sleep..."

"New dad and my wife and I love it.  Die hard football fan.  Best show on TV: Friday Night Lights"





"email: matt@sneaksnoevil.com "




"Advogado militante. Professor. Assessor Jurídico. Conselheiro/Vice-presidente da Comissão de Ética da OAB/PB."
"Freelance journalist, writer on energy Very occasional twitterer"
"An earthling learning how to make the planet more inhabitable."
"hey yall, the name is Alyssa Kay. Blessed the world with my presence 17 years ago, I`m a christian, starbucks addict, learning cosmetologist, and a goofball. :D"
"Veteran Real Estate Investor, author of Buying A Home- The First Time Home Buyer`s Guide  Amazon-Borders"


"Student, Gamer, Techie, Dreamer, Mathematician, Physicist, and Forward Thinker"



"ギター弾いたり歌ったりアニメ観たりするのが好きです。同人音楽サークルでユルく活動したりしています。 http://key.kokone.to/~sosmusic/　http://nami0101.tumblr.com/"


"I`m an Inteligence Spy. Just be Aware! LOL~ /m/=v= "




"I am a regular fitness enthusiast, who has been actively involved in weight loss and a diabetic for the past 10years. I live fitness everyday, and help others "

"I love music. And shoes. And cereal at midnight."
"eternally worried, wanna help? tell me a joke."


"18 anos, futura farmacêutica, namorando, grêmista, maluca, extremamente sincera, apaixonada por rock, determinada e esquisita :D"









"Mac User/Adict"





"My cock is much bigger than yours"



"The Raiders and Cabo. Who needs more?"

"تَكْفِينِي دَعْوَة فِي ظَهْر الغِيب"

"Young marketing professional and recent MBA & M.S. in Integrated Marketing Communications graduate"




"stay at home mom for 2 great kids dylan and logan, marathon runner, husband loving (my own) friend to all!!"
"68, writer, retired military"



"Italian Stallion"

"Desde el dia en que naci tuve una cosa muy clara q tendria q pagar por ser de la especie rara :)"


"ex-patriot Hartlepudlian, now living in the Houston area after various different stops along the way!!"



"Internet, CFO, amateur photographer, now travelling the Americas, starting in Canada. www.awaywego.fr"







"Radio is no longer my P/T lover (*booo*) *finally* given up on it all, and just getting on with life! :)x  I ramble. I rant. I dance aboot with heidphones."





"my name is liz and i like leprechauns. i also love music & traveling. penguins & jayhawks"

"Geeks Mobile USA provides nationwide computer repair services. Follow us and get 10% off services!!"


"Gestalter, Webentwickler, Digitalisti, Capitän der Raumstation c-base, Medienkunstfan, Improspieler und nen Haufen anderer Interessen noch dazu"



"I`m musician, composer, and also music teacher in Elementary and Middle School. I play progressive rock, psychedelic, britpop, avantgarde music ,etc. "








" `한국-미국-런던-유럽을 이어주는 다리`   영국 현지 화보, 피팅 촬영 전문, 방송 코디네이팅/한국, 영국 공연, 이벤트 기획/영국 현지 B2C 홍보, 마켓팅 전문/영국 진출 비지니스 컨설팅/ VIP의전 대행, OKTA, KUSA,런던 순복음 교회, Merton 상공인협회"









"Inst Specialist"





"State Farm Agent"

"100% SINGLE !!!"






"Primate Digital . !"










"Associate Dean at Clayton State University"


"youthworker, fantasy dice rolling roleplayer, somewhat nerdy, heavy metal, plays guitar, DISLIKES: Littering, racist homophobic small minded idiots"




"I am a man, and I can change, if I have to, I guess... "














" ~ ♥Ohayou Gozaimasu.Welcome to my life.comedy romance anime/music/unstop-ably romantic/youngest child/ unseen is my passion/unique is my thinking/♫~Follow"


"Advogada, professora e cantora"






"Publicidad btl, street marketing, mercadeo y eventos. Creamos ideas de gran impacto Generamos experiencia y recordación de marca. Colombia"



"Jocoson... "

"eu sou gay ;)"

"Good Guy Not Worried About Finishing Last"







"i`m a loser baby."

"Commercial Director at QS/on the IE Brown Exec MBA"





"Business builder, father of boys, husband, music fanatic, Kindle junkie, and runner (who swims and bikes)"




"Photography, Sound Engineer Lighting Technician, 91% Mafkees, 6% Technisch, 3% Zelf Invullen, Wannabe Musician"





"If God be for us, who can be against us ? (Romans 8:31)"
"Love the Texas Rangers (2010 AL West and AL Champions) and the Dallas Mavericks (2011 NBA Champions). Straightedge."


"현아아빠 / Software Engineer / 아이폰,안드로이드 어플 / GSM SW"
"The name is Deidre and im from Bklyn. Im a shy & quiet person until i get to know you then you`ll see im a cool, laid back person who loves to have fun."

"Photography lover, Trance Lover.  Cursando Publicidade e Propaganda #espm"









"	:¨·.·¨ `·.taylor .  33 ☮ live.laugh.love follow me and i`ll follow you:)"










"Sou uma pessoa alegre ,animada,legal estrovertida e muito mas ,mas só qem me conheçe sabe :)Amo meus amigos  e adoro sai.."


"Gang of Thieves are coming!!"




"Candidate for Public Office in the City of Milwaukee. Chez Ordoñez for 8th District Alderman in Milwaukee, WI.   "
"My names Kayla, i blow out my candles on July 23. and im awesome:)"


"Student, Artist, and Sales Associate Extraordinaire."

"  Jazz   Progressive   Metal    A worker guy  Call me mbot or gembel  just mention and i`ll follow back  :3"


"Mossoró/RN 4° Período de Eng Civil Cantor e Compositor  abençoado por DEUS Divulgação Palco Mp3 http://palcomp3.com/ranieryrool/#!/amor-pra-outra-vida"







"Live Life as simple as u can"

"神奈川在住。サッカー、フットサル、サーフィンが趣味。 Big fan of playing football, futsal and surfing!"
"I am a stay at home mommy and full time student."

"Livin,luvin & laughin!!! "
Model/Actor
"Hi My names Shelby. I`m 15 and a freshman. I love to cheer and dance. Music is amazing and I love literally  all kinds. Wanna know anything else just ask :)"









"qualified youth worker/manager .likes music,mountain biking,general outdoorsness,painting.no longer need a job!  "




"Wkt brjalan trus..ksempatan hanya ada 1x..keputusanmu adalah tanggungjwbmu..that`s life.. ;)"

"Filmmaker, DJ, Designer, Surfer"







naaa...
"New Business Manager at Digital Kitchen, a creative digital agency. Happiest when eating sweet potato fries and listening to country music."
"Atlanta`s Best Kept Secret"





富山のこととりとめもなくだらだらと。






"Lazio SiamoNoi"

"We provide advice on overseas mortgages.  The company also has a web based sourcing system, which is available to industry professionals."







"Convict Da General- 90`s Baby , 18 Strong , Own House , Own Crib , Employed   BBM: 27ADF716 *Caine Strip Affiliated*"
"Senior at Michigan Technological University. Computer Network & System Administration Major."





"I just graduated with a Master of Science degree in EMDT from Full Sail. I`m interested in finding a position in the Instructional technology specialist field."










"Webentwicklung und Webdesign aus Regensburg"

"22 anos, Empresário e Investidor, amante de viagens Procurando sempre postar algo relacionado a entretenimento, política, e atualidades."


"I love grill cheese sandwhiches. "




"Hope to do something in my life."



"Ask if you want to know! "
"Where Stars and Charity unite. End  violence against women and children. Give a voice to the voiceless! "
Whatever



"I`m a former University of Kansas vball player living out my dreams in the big city! Rock Chalk!"



"We Write Stories, Listen TO Music, Watch TV And Keep YOU Updated"




"Lamest person you`ll ever meet."
"RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association improves the lives of women and men living with infertility.  "






wassss`up?

degradable

"Living, Loving and Enjoying my life. Thanks to God. "
"LOOKING FOR MY SARA"




"I`m 25 and i do music."



"Striving for..."



"I am a Private Investigator, security consultant and perform executive protection for my Company Gray Monk Investigations & Security Services.  "









"A vida e um verdadeiro perde e ganha"


"im a songwriter,a lady songwriter"






"Making the world a beautiful place, one woman at a time!"
"predominantly malayali, prevalently vaayaadi"
"If you don`t like dogs or beer, we`re going to have a problem.  Unless you like wine; then we`ll be OK.  "









"Create fine art multiples: hand-pulled lithographs, etchings, woodcuts, linocuts & ceramics."



"i just like to be myself"
"Daughter, Mother, Wife, Friend, Fan"


"poet and folk music promoter in SL"

"Independent Human Capital Resourcing Consultant specialising in IT and other Recruitment "






"Cogito Ergo Stultum"







"46 yr old single irish bbw."





"im 24 in live in allentown pa i like to hang out do stuff thats fun"







"I live in England with my lovely hasband and two children. When I don`t design gardens, I am probably building them or caring for them. "

"wife, mother, friend, and about the coolest damn chick ever!"
"wife,mum of two,workaholic.loves shopping"


"im 19yrs old with a beautiful 4yr old daughta! u wana kno oat else ask me !!! :)"
"A mother of five... four are grads and one more to go, very proud mom...and 3 beautiful granddaughters"




"i used to be a dancer. i love clay aiken, and boybands from the 90s. I drink too much coffee. I love traveling. Mashed potatoes freak me out."





"I`m 21 & Graduated class of 08, Born in Lowell, MA. Raised in Litchfield, NH. I work for Ray The Mover in West Manchester, Nh"


"Don`t Think about it, be about it<------"






"Every puzzle has an answer"
fiending.
"Retired Law Enforcement and living my Dream in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. This is truely God`s Country!!"




"Huge Aerosmith Fan!"


하여





"Qué quieres saber?"




"Resisting anything but temptation"
"Asian. Phoenician. Belly dance. Yoga. ♥ dogs.  ♥ my Mason!"

"LLU Dental School 2006. Private practice in Upland since 2007. Love to find and learn new technologies! Wife and 2 kids."


"The measure of love is to love without meausre!!!"


"Beautiful and bound for greatness."

"SYTYCD season 1 runner-up, GYPSY HEART TOUR dancer, Top Chef/Food Network FANATIC!  love food, dance, sleep and non-mean peeps.  am small, nice, thankful 4 life"





"Youth Pastor, Husband, and dad to two amazing kids.  I am crazy in love with Jesus Christ and I love being with people! "

"Im me and thats all u need to know!"
"Ketika Keihlasan dipertanyakan"






"JASON HEYWARD. GO BRAVES!"

"executive ceas mr yobobbytv a&r ceo of pablojonesent home of ferrari snowday lilj225 Djclue.tv  "
"Musician & Hard Worker"


"Passando a Limpo..."

















"We Are Ohio State."

"I am into motorbikes and love music. I goto the gym regularly. I enjoy going out with friends and family drinking!"

"Namoro, casamento, primeira filha e primeiro filho, agora só falta o livro, pois arvore eu já"


"Ignoring the words of my obnoxious little brother."
"Atmosphir is an adventure engine that allows anyone to design and play their own video game adventures."





"\"believe.. and it will happen\""
"The one and only =D"

"Born an raised in the dirty south.  I`m an engineer, musician, and crazy-bitch.  You betta werq!"

"In one line, I would say I am indescribable."


"Techie guy, loving working with my wife at our Music Place studio!"

"I like pug!"


"With the Digital Switch closely upon us in the UK, check out our guide for more info."






" Mom of 4 and wife of 1. (Good to know, huh?)"
"i like to rde my bicycle"









"äh my love for you is big as truck berserker..."



"Distributors of the best in independent publishing."




"Gastroenterologist emphasizing on preventive medicine with special training in mind-body medicine @ UCLA"












"For women and girls of all ages - Inform, Connect, Inspire"


"GRAMMY® winning Jazz Saxophonist / Recording Artist / www.kirkwhalum.com"

"Public Relation/Web Marketing"

"my date of birth 31st oct,2008"
"A documentary Production company"



わたしはわたしだ！





"I am fairly certain that given a cape and a nice tiara, I could save the world."




"I`S SO KWL. "



"Agent for American Family Insurance, REALTOR for Sonoran Lifestyle Real Estate, mom of 5, skier, wife, lover of life!"
"Servant of the Most High God! I am a Wife, MomM and Pastor"









"Reggae Music makes my heart beat strong, makes my soul dance.  Flava so REAL you will neva forget tha taste! My heart stays strong & true to her infinitely..."


"Mother, proud Air Force wife and crusader for mental illness and RA. "






alfayza(˘⌣˘)ε˘`)

"saya anak k2 dari 3 brsodara Andiallo"



"Product manager, #agile evangelist and all around techie by day... diva super hero by night!"
Hello^^




"40 something husband and wife team trying to become livestock farmers. They are also  writing a blog about their journey - which is a very long one !"
"Huge Pittsburgh Penguins Fan!!!"

"NYC Council Member for District 2 - now running for re-election."

"Jornalista, luterana, 23 anos e a procura de um naco de criatividade para colocar uma bio bem descoladinha aqui. "
" Operating www.News.sc, Blogger.sc, Republicans.sc, Democrats.sc, Magazines.sc, Radio.sc, Weather.sc, Classifieds.sc, Moms.sc, Jobs.sc, Only.sc, and much more "

"Just here to get people more time on the water"
"I`m cute.......!!!"
"i wear wat i want when i want, dont follow trends, nor do i chase puzzy, i make this shit look too easy....follow me..."


"I make art and stuff."


"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"






"Follow this account for geo-targeted Sofware Dev.  - Microsoft Tools job tweets in Kansas City, MO from TweetMyJOBS.com"





"Technicien de surface virtuelle"




"The girl who loves designing, editing but hates coloring, hates art :) Republic of the Philippines :) http://threewords.me/wheresGabbie"
"I am spontaneous :)"






"Maîtrise droit des affaires/ Master II General Management IAE Aix-en-Provence"
"up to date on Adsense news and tips from around the web "
"retired and loving it, living in Florida"








"Internet marketing, Cleaning hydraulic oil rather than dumping it!!!, Birding, Golf, "

"NSF (serving the army for two years). Coffee/books/news/magazines lover. "



"A high school student with an interest in computer science. Full Name: Matthew Francis-Landau (too long for the name field)"







"ROCKWELL DJS - 1ST LOVE - COOL BEANS -DJ- VIDEO DJ- THAT`S LEGIT! - STAY EASY- UNDERGROUND CHEF - MOVIE NERD-  "



"My twitter is getting too cluttered. Tumble mee. hybridizedhuman.tumblr.com"
"These are my personal tweets and retweets. I am representing myself and no one else. I am a communications pro who enjoys the finer things in life."
ºº






"Im 15 and live in Portsmouth! Big Believer in not taking yourself too seriously and to have a good time no matter what! As life is what YOU make it! :D xx"













"Speaker:  Power of the Pen A Unique `Slant` on Team Building,. Communication, Sales and Customer Service.  Also Individual Handwriting Analysis at Events"

新しい物好きで飽き性。













Artist







"my names joanne im curently a full time mum of two gorgeous children my son whos 3 and called jake and my daughter whos only a month old"



"I`m just a simple girl with a simple life who loves  my husband and two boys unconditionally!"


"Transfusion CD OUT NOW"
















"the night is darkest right before dawn."





"I mustn`t grumble....but I do."





"Ebay Powerseller marzipans! Geek burd Love to learn and earn! EbayCashback!"

"Silly single mom who was put on this earth to annoy them."
"Short, fun, sweet, (soon to be) second year student of psychology. "




"Student Nurse Anesthetist"

"I am Forever 21.  "





"15 anos, gêmeos,Moda,Restart,Ballet, ler, música, dançar, sonhos, vida, amigas, família,gossip girl, cachorros, timida, viagens, disney... *-*"
"I am a hard working, business woman who strives to find balance between work, mothering, and being a great wife. "


"life is wot u make it, so make it good"










"Reppin that J-high Swag since 09` best be watchin yo back bra "
"News that will make you feel great, even if it isn`t 100% accurate."








"Graphic and web designer, photo enthusiast, music lover, frustrated writer. Your friendly neighborhood. "

"I am married, have a little boy, and I am about to have a little girl. I am due on June 22nd!!"
"the most amazing person in the world!!"


"If you can`t be a good example, then you`ll just have to be a horrible warning!"


"Woman Mother Art Student Lover Fighter Crude Rude Meh"
"After 12 years of working freelance, I recently joined Dutch Graphic Design Agency Atelier van GOG as Managing Director."






"Father of 3 great kids. Software Developer / Architect, Cub Scout Leader. Author of MUF library and Twisten twitter client. Accidental resident of CLE, OH."
"I am a software guy in the age of the tech bust. There are many like me, but this one is me."





"Father, husband, employee, just your ordinary average social digadvantaged guy."







"ven god made me he was jezz showin off!!"

"I`m a diva-ish techno-geek. Kinda catchy title, eh?"

"geek,artist"


"Musician and lover of many arts. Massage therapist. They call me the happy one!"




"Inspired by vintage patterns, our clothes are unique, nostalgic and a total clash of decades.  Can`t get any better than that, can it?"




"Dad, lover of type, print, digital and tea : )"



"I`m Jachimo, the perky little parakeet owned by @katiesisneros"








"Once a red, always a red."


"I don`t care what you think of me. You care what I think of you."










"Everyday is an adventure...if I`m lucky it involves swedish fish, champagne and some act of random fabulousness "



"love the life you live 3"








"Besides your mother, I`m the BEST woman 2 ever happen to you. You don`t know why (yet) but meet me ONCE & you`ll know i`m right."




"Happily married: one husband, one kid, one dog"
"Well.. about myself.. hmmmmmmmm... I..."

"Fat Strat, 59 Blues Deluexe, M9 line 6, Gibson Les Paul Studio with Bigsby, Taylor."

"Lead Vocalist of Damnation Angels, The Anabasis, and loads of other projects"




"Kansas City, Mo born and raised. On here following ONLY kats I look to learn from. . "
"Man I have no idea how to do anything on this."
"Pastor Adventista, padre de un hijo, esposo de una mujer, chileno, alfabeticamente digitalizado y gusta de las noticias, peliculas"
"Trabajamos con  dueños de negocios en lograr sus metas personales y profesionales, a través de mejorar la rentabilidad y eficiencia de sus empresas."

"hello. my hair is red."






"A blog about life, love, health and fashion.  We`re finally grown-up and ready to be Flirty, Forty and Fabulous!"



"Senior sporty type, hobby: happy grandfather, lifecoach."


"Consigo o equilíbrio cortejando a insanidade"
"Paulista morando em Porto Alegre cursando Ciência da Computação na PUC-RS. Apaixonado por música e tecnologia."






"Helping to change the world, one clean panel at at time"


"loving life!!!! : )"


outrossim










"Association for the Development of Interest in the Indian-Subcontinent"





"greer...the name says it all rare and unique! :P"



"I`m a nerdette."



"Writer, tech lead, runner.  Viable Paradise XIII alum."


"Papá de dos hijas preciosas, miembro del equipo en Grupo Advantage, überfanático de la tecnología y cómo está cambiando el mundo. I love Spanglish."



ポップンのネット対戦についてのメモをつらつらと。ポプカードトレード募集中→http://bit.ly/hft5pU


"Puerto Rican Princess Engaged 11~29~09"

"wife, mother, runner and foot fixer"





"Cum n av a go if u fink ur ard enuff !!!"






"Alpha Geek"


"Filipino-Spanish-Chinese American. Whew."
"I am an amateur filmmaker"





"Go Sox!"



"Student of Nursing Faculty Padjadjaran University Bandung and im scout in In Ambalan-Racana Padjadjaran"

"Simple. Smoker. Extraordinary. Weird"







"um kool n laid bk "

"I`m the unlucky angel "
"2011 Graduate from Merrimack College Working at Brafton Inc Currently Lives in the Greater Boston Area as a avid fan & supporter of all New England Teams"




"Awesomely awesome"
"i love music! ... and i LOVE THE GRAVES!"
" Love internet marketing, football, wealth creation and self improvement. Life is too short to be unhappy so give it your very best."





"hairstylist, I sing, I dance, I`m creative, I don`t take myself to seriously, laughing is the best medicine, and complements go further than you think."
"PondelWilkinson Inc. is a leading investor relations and corporate/financial communications firm."




"Husband. Mason. Shriner. Bodybuilder. Woodworker. Rum aficionado."









"Online Collaborator"

"Helping you with all your Real Estate needs from start to finish."
"@TheRealGrimmie, @EsKaLiDiNg and @Jeyyounit11 are amazing youtubers (My Favourites)  :) "

"Hey I`m Mike! I`m big on digital marketing + health communications + design + Massachusetts + dogs. My off-the-cuff musings about life and work..."
"hey it`s kyleigh. If it`s worth doing than go for it!"


"Vegan, vet tech, animal lover"






"I am Tennessee girl who loves Jesus my husband and beautiful baby girl! The Vols and Peyton Manning.the beach and football. "




"#Tattoos #Piercings #Jordans #FUCKYOURFEELINGS  #Pink #MUSIC ♥ (: #TEAMFOLLOWBACK "



"Nutritionist/Former Dance Instructor"

"I`m a gamer!"

"I just love everything...Sometimes.."


"John Bouvatte VP of a dynamic premedia company"



"I love to make websites."

"Librarian who manages, plays and dreams"






"If you are looking for my Tweets, find me at @SeattleDonorBiz"
"i am a nurse. for reals."




ちょっとオタクな専業主婦　立体造形萌え


"Dr. James MacArthur, Urban combat correspondent.  Crime writer for award winning, InvestigativeVoice.com, radio producer/air personality, so so blogger."






"HandyGames™ is one of the leading independent developers and publishers of mobile games in Europe focused on iPhone, iPod, iPad, Android, Blackberry and JavaME."




"I`m Jade. 20. I`ve had Twitter for over 2 years and I still don`t really know how to work it. "

"I am a sophisticated female striving to accomplish life long goals while experiencing new things, going new places and making new acquaintences. "
"Sympathetic Instrument"


"Pepperidge Farm Bakery SDA , Libertarian Republican, single in CT."
"________ ____ ___ _ __"
"winner and sinner"
"Director F. Estadio F."



"Income for Life"







ATV


"Daily Videos provides top news and info from across the Internet from our nonprofit quality journalists.  If you follow us, we will automatically follow you."
:D
"Certified Texas teacher; Licensed TX Realtor; Business Owner"



愛知のオリジンアワーリスナーです。　機械のメンテナンスの仕事してます。
"Beauty Industry enthusiast!!"

"gw orangnya.. mau nyari temen sebanyk2ny...a"






"PHOTOGRAPHER: TATTOOS: TRAVEL: COMICS: PEANUT BUTTER: SPIDER-MAN: XBOX: UFC: MMA: MUAY THAI: KICKBOXING: MILKSHAKES:"


"       Estudiante de traducción ingles - español, me gusta el hip hop, jugar fútbol y hablar weas."
"Serving the World`s Best Coffee in Forest Hills!"

"LIKES: to party, to make music, to snowboard, his friends..... DISLIKES: people who walk ridiculously slow infront you"



"DOnt know that"
"Longest Running Nightclub Act on Broadway! High energy jazz a la The Rat Pack w/ my *little big band* on the last Tuesday of every month at The Iridium NYC!"








"I am not a word , I am not a line , I am not a girl that can ever be defined "



"What is todays color? Ask and I may just tell!"

"Ima down to earth chic. Born and raised in Bridgetown, Barbados. Life as me is hard because there can onli be one me. I love to dance, shop, make hella money."

"What ??? !!!! get the fuck outta here Daquan 2 Fly 4 You "


"Walk the street, watch the scene, talk to people, write the story!"
"Commander of HEIMAT Hamburg."

"I love my wife so much. Everyday is like the first. I still get butterflies when I look at her."















"A cynic at heart but is ironically a hopeful person. Follow me and my tantrums! LOL!"


"Singer/Songwriter/Entertainer - Family Music. Organic and interactive.  Enjoying Life - Good Clean Fun."


"waaau.tv y mishima"

"Jugador de Tenis, fanatico de todos los deportes! "

"U don`t have to be the best... all u need is to be DIFFERENT! http://www.MagnetImpian.com"


"CHOCOLATE ADDICT!"


"bushwalker, sports fan, computer nerd, and conservationist rolled into one"









"i`m awesome, need I say more?"
"Eclectic, Eccentric and Erratic"
"Caraqueña. Ing. Químico Unimet,Defensora de los derechos caninos!. Ácida y directa. Enamorada de mi cielito y mamá del Golden Retriever mas bello,Goliat."






"I like turtles."







"Los Brigante es una banda de rock n roll creada por pablo brigante en el 2005."





"Catholic Youth Minister. You can be authentically you and love God.  If you`re not having fun with your faith you`re doing it wrong."




"I signed out forever using the web2.0 suicide machine!"



"I`m a Doctor!"


"indian health professional with interest too much beyond medicine."















"dont trip i aint dont tell everything about me "
"American mom of 4, wife of 1, living in the Amazon rainforest in Suriname to teach and do missions work."




"I have a past, a present and a future...none of which I have a good grasp on!"
"They say sky is the limit but im a astronaut."
"judicious,martha-esque,philadelphia fan who loves cats"



"I am software, a Twitter client. Currently I only work on the Mac (desktop) platform."


"Married, 3 kids and need a life!"











"1m 14 at go to charters school in sunningdale."



"Skeptical to say the least."








"so bossy"




"We build great and affordable websites for small businesses and professionals."

"praia, sol, bronzeador, ipod, sorvete, bikini, fotos, água-de-coco, areia, havaianas, zuação,risadas,amigos, óculos escuro e paqueras,é disso q eu gosto. Verão!"

"I am DEEP in your mind. "








"I`m a woman,  phenomenally.  PHENOMENAL WOMAN,  that`s ME. -- Maya Angelou"


"The difference between a typical and atypical... 1/5 of UltraSound. www.facebook.com/ultrasoundmusic http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/vivid/id453312651"
"Toronto-based guy interested in digital marketing and true creativity. "



"istanbul technical university"

"Why do I even use this thing?"
"Handy Dandy, and Super Rad."

"The ramblings of a girl named Jill.  Follow her down her very own rabbit hole."
"Prime Minister of New Zealand http://www.facebook.com/pmjohnkey Building a brighter future "

デジタルカメラ/デジタル一眼レフ/一眼レフ交換レンズ/カメラバック/双眼鏡/記録メディア/三脚/ストロボ/家電製品/防湿庫/インテリア/PC/時計/美容/健康/写真用品を卸売り価格で激安販売




"LIVING & LOVIN LONDON LIFE-DONT NEED NO HATERATION HOLLERATION -I WAS THERE DEC 10 2010 10:58pm ON HSN & SAW THE BIRTH OF THE MARYJANES   "




"\"Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance.\" - Oprah"


"My motto in life: \"Carpe Diem\"!! You only live once, so enjoy!!!"
:D
"Julie is an authority on hair, health, beauty, manicure, pedicure, cosmetic treatments, massage, slimming, cellulite reduction etc"

"Honest and reliable family man."
"A.C. que agrupa a las principales empresas de Marketing interactivo de México y el mundo: Medios, agencias y especialistas en la digitalización de las marcas."
Oenophile/Foodie/Artist

"Mother/Daughter fashion divas raising awareness for global philanthropy while saving consumers money."






"Official account of Byron Michael Che Wijngaarde"




Procrastinator.
"What MOVES you?"
"I Love My children and water !!!!"
"married with two kids, registered nurse work full time, like nice meals out & spending time with my family"




"I love a cheap ski bargain me"
"I am so proud of the united states and our future will be hounor and glory."
"Founder, NeohroPlus, a chain of quality dialysis centers"




"I am, sushi-eaterer."

"Follow and find out. =)"




"#jetlife My name is Mike, ABC ENT, I`m a young Pilot Trine fly steady, catch me parked in the sky over denmark, Go green.......#jetsgo "





"Life in endless motion..  I only stop to tie my laces. Beneath the surface lies a story, I am more than who my face is. *"
"I`m ME! Best at it! All Day EVERYDAY! No Problem!"
"Pediatrician, mom, runner, Packer fan living the good life in Wisconsin and working hard to help families enjoy parenting."

"i just came to say helloo :]"












"come along for the ride...just don`t slow me down!  "















"I don`t drink Brass Monkey....I am Brass Monkey"
"teh or teh not that is the question.."





"I am the king and i share half of that spot with micheal jackson he is the king of pop and i am very fast and realy good at football and play for youth celtic"

"Site de Busca"












"President of the local chapter of the Dirty old mans club."









"Morro Bay Grown UCLA GRAD who wants to make good by helping families have babies if they otherwise cannot... Live in Hollywood with the best BF Jose Jimenez"

http://user.qzone.qq.com/228249802/infocenter


"a xv century renacentist man inside a xxi century mba/software engineer shell [mostly in Spanish] more on @blipsoke and @wilsokeEn"

"Fuck Everyone Al Carajo Todos"






"Missionary to Latin America since 2002"
"im the only Trudi Saddler on facebook "

"Bryony Rogerssssssss :)) - got a double chin "


"l lyk 2 do sth diff. and stand out frm d herd!"

"Recording Engineer / Producer / Writer ~ Music Lover ~  Craig Ferguson and Mythbusters Fanatic!"

"Feel Free Live Life and take 1 day at a time"
"Local radio for East Grinstead and surrounding areas, live on 107 FM and at www.meridianfm.com"
"i sit ninety degrees underneath palm trees @coastalcaffeine"
"Food glorious food - we publish it! For further details go to www.quadrille.co.uk.  For publicity enquiries, email publicity@quadrille.co.uk"


"i love reading and hanging out with friends"

"Blue balls"







"ya sliipin on ya piimpin ma -- ya man chose me"

"I`m Max and I`m very handsome"



"The World`s #1 Catholic Store. We love Christ and His Church. We tweet about all things Catholic. Your social team: Kathleen, Nicholas and Nick. "

"Politólogo, Filosófo de ocasión y adicto a la música y el café."



"I am a human that is enjoying my opportunity of existence, while contributing to a greater good.  Smile and help someone, the ROI is great :)"



"artist, abolitionist, adventurer. Also @bakeitforward, @mouseandmoe (three? how did that happen?)"
"We offers Luxury, Value and Service Beyond What You Would Expect..."
"CREATIVE DIRECTOR, ART DIRECTOR, GRAPHIC DESIGNER"



"Tha Most Popular Nigga In Tha Local Scene,Which Means Errbody Knows Me And All Ya Know So I`m Somebody,A Cool Nigga On Tha Block Wrath Of Tha Righteous Nigga Is"

"Apparently I`m disrespectful - that`s a new one on me! I freely admit to being a music snob, atheist & science geek. Pacifist."







"Live ur life, and I will live mine!"
"I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and... I believe in miracles"







"chem major. love dance forever"
"人間万事塞翁が馬！ パソコン商社～ダーツバー経営～ダーツメーカー勤務～バー閉店 他にバスプロやってた事もありました、今はゴルフ中継見るのが趣味。 色んな経験をして面白い人生にしたい。"

"Untwisting knots and taking up slack, we`ll see what the future holds, my hands are full."


"\" Just living the dream\"   "





"When I feel sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead, #TrueStory. I hate chocolate. "









"Me in 1 line?  Impossible"

"Seeker of truth and fun."











"A blend of sweet, sassy & Italian. "



"I`m just a sexy boy, I`m not your boy toy."






"Im an artist/producer/writer/spoken word artist/traveler/networking guru...i live an extraordinary life,check me out world this is how im living!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"Fã incondicional de Green Day e do Evandro Santo ; Desenhista ; Astrologa (?) [...]"
" im a 5`6 shit talkin, ufc watching, vans wearin, whisky drinking son of a bitch."



"Linux, php, mySQL, symfony"

"Hi! My name is Kim and I just got married to the most awesome guy ever! I am a dance teacher and love evry minute of it! Life would be nothing without dance!"

















ちゃす。


"Winner. Party guru. "
"Strictly underground funk, keep the crossover"


"medical laboratory administration"

"Wenn das Leben dir Zitronen gibt, fange an zu Leben!   Gehasst, Verdammt, Vergöttert!   Verheiratet mit @Wunschpulver   Lieblinge: @Wolfslicht @honeymoon0709"



"Teaching people how to be slim! "





"Passionate fan of direct response marketing both online and offline.  Also, father of an Italian Greyhound - aka CDITW."
"Ilhéus- terra de Gabriela e Jorge Amado"



"Co-Managing Director of SOLACE and very proud to have competed for Team GB at the European Sprint Triathlon Championships in Spain"




"Working with Air India Magazine, Air India`s in-flight magazine"




"E au olelo hawai`i ame kepani ame lukini ame kolea ame pake ame paniolo.. Work for Nato, golfer, tennis player, likes rugby, cricket, f1, and futbol..."

"Enjoy your Friends everyday"


"im a cool girl that just wants to have fun"













"Bem vindo GYGA BYTE lan House"



"entrepreneur, problem solver, problem maker, playmaker, hedonist, martial artist. doing fun things around the world while trying to change it."




"I am the illest wrapper ever."

しぬまで思春期。


"im that chick that sits around watchin espn... i love who i am and i can only be me love me r hate me there is really no in between"


"Higher view, deeper insight, broader range."
"I mainly tweet about the Twilight world or anything else interesting or funny that I might find on the web, and I`ll tweet about myself once in a blue moon :D"


"estudo  Direitos,corro,vivo,sinto,analiso  danço e represento, ou não ;)"






"Assist by The Mitten - Seattle’s shining example of what not to do in sports journalism"
"514 322 3083"




"Eldorado is whiskey soaked old-style alt country canadiana... we`ll put some tears in those beers and then we`ll help you shake them off in your dancin` shoes"



"brb fighting a kraken"

"I know that anger can be controlled, but you must believe in your wholsome dreams."






"Love watching wrestling Jeffhardy rules heavywight champ   you  deserve it champ"

"Rock a Rolla Woman"


"Hey, it`s AmyElle! Follow or fly away!"



"Aspiring Photographer"


"Massage Therapist"
"Delivering hand-picked ATL events daily."




"Most loyal person u will ever meet!!! Student in Fashion Marketing and Merchandising.//My goal is 2 become a buyer!"




"Chi sa ridere dell’universo è padrone del mondo. "

"Single and Waiting"
















"My purpose is to help people find their purpose."

"Executive Producer at WOIO 19 Action News, Cleveland, Ohio... Louisiana native... Memphian at heart."

hi.baidu.com/woungera
"Ottawa Realtor with solid experience, skills & knowledge of the market situations"









"Women`s and Juniors Gently Used and New Clothing Store"


"Conservative! Take back our Country! Support our Troops. No RINOs or Obama wack jobs (No Liberals) Stop Marxism!"




"Writer. "





"Sderot Media Center"
"Head over heels in love with my wife and daughter.  Director of Projects for internat`l elevator company.  Trying hard to serve the Lord."

"I live like I type, fast and with lots of mistakes. Fikom Unpad 2010."

"noticeably happy and optimistic"

"and if you see my reflection in aI`ve been afraid of changing `Cause I, I`ve built my life around you But time makes you bolder Children get older"










"Mayor of West Seattle"
"know-it-all, go-to-girl,been there done that, worn the tshirt kinda girl :)"


"Awful with decisions. The fussiest eater ever. Night Owl :) ♥"

"interest to photography,design interior,and the other fun things.i feel enjoy with my life"
"Director of Construction Operations-Restaurants"


"Never give up never surrender!"





"Floating left of centre voter trying to decide whose policies are best for UK"





"Aqui você encontra tudo sobre universidades, cursos, vestibulares, educação e muito mais..."




"Cocky, confident, fly young lady. Most importantly though..... I FUCKIN LOVE CANDY"





"a great attitude can get you far in life"

"We are having an awesome summer camping party, your invited!"

"Just check me out on Facebook !"


"Community Youth Network works to preserve &strengthen families, while protecting children from high risk/abusive situations.  "




"I 3 YOU!!!!!!   lovelovelove"


"None other than me!! "


"Suburban kid that loves some realist pop punk."

"A work in progress and a piece of work"









"If I`d observed all the rules I`d never have got anywhere.  — Marilyn Monroe"



"Director de Arte"




"Lakota West High School Athletics in West Chester, Ohio (Cincinnati). Get your Firebirds sports news"
"That boys a Hoxton Hero, as long as he don`t steal my drink. "
"Começando a brincar no twitter! ;D"







"information technology"

"Living life to the (off)beat of my own drum. http://facebook.com/AmysCrusade"








"I sing clean vocals and play bass in the band Until Tomorrow. Matt Geise from Lower Definition is currently producing our first album which is almost out!!!"








"Injections de textes"





Ready2Retire






"#TeamMindless #TeamWonder #TeamLatimore #TeamJawan #TeamDiggy #TeamIssa #TeamTrevante #TeamDisBelieber #TeamKiwi #TeamRoc #TeamNicki #TeamBreezy"

"19years..  Care Assistant.. In a relationship.. MummyToBe "

"Hey Heyyyy"



"Coordinador Juvenil VP PORTUGUESA .#PortuguesaUneVoluntades /Estudiante de la U.N.E.LL.E.Z.  Miembro de @VOTOJOVEN y @GeneracionLibre"

"I love my life, friends and family, other than that my story is still being written. :) "











"ehh; im a brown skiin cutie; im not an average chick; luv 2 hang ouht& have fun; w.e. ur interested in im interested in;names launia, whats urs??"






"Working on my doctorate. Self-driven, motivated, work for everything I got and will have..."
"I am a deputy sheriff/S.W.A.T. team member in ARK. "
わーたしは　いーまーどこでー








"I do not like to write about myself :P"

"Born on September, 23th 1986, I`m an Italian writer, freelance journalist and photographer. I use T. to inform myself."

"I`m Alan.. a spoiled brat, Beauty Survivor & Vanity Angel, I love making drama & hateful comments, love me or hate me..  si quieres, si no, vete al averno, xoxo"



"The Irish Politics Website"


"to spread love like violence."
キャズムを超えたときに面倒になる自己紹介は止めましょう。



"i`m a simple person. . . small but cute aha.!"
"Ik werk bij Spirit Jeugdhulp als trainer en helpdesk van de programma`s die door de hulpverleners gebruikt worden. Ik ga erg graag op vakantie met de caravan."
"transparent, in good and bad ways both"








http://bandaparalaxe.blogspot.com/

"Asociación Argentina de Producción Animal"
"Penikmat film, musik, dan buku :)"


"I enjoy writing, improv, networking, entertainment, snarky remarks, Minneapolis and guilty pleasure food.  My mom told me to get a twitter."
"A mother, a wife, a daughter, ♥ aurel, ♥ @ayakasetiady"









"NYU `11, Sociology/Gender&Sexuality/French. Internet start-ups hire meeeee."
"Sua Referência em Internet"


"Apresentação prática/ didática,conceitos financeiros indispensáveis/aplicação controle/imediato,conteúdos,ferramentas inovadoras simples/intuitivas."
"yo this is ya gurl Vanessa I been on twitter for a minute now..jus on here to make friends and chop it up... #teamfollowback"


"married, very conservative politically"

"I need a BEACH vacation now!"
"Propietaria de SPAcio VIP Spa Urbano, en Sta Cruz de Tenerife. Calle la Luna 6, Tlf 922275471 Un oásis de bienestar en medio del cáos urbano        "


". Jellegh . Aneh . Pemalu . Cerewet . Cuek Pgen lbh tau ? Follow me yag . Mentions jg :) . Tq"


"singer/songwriter born in Edinburgh February 9 1959.  Making a miraculous recovery from 17 years of severe M.E.   "

"Dick Cheney`s shill at Halliburton"

"Materials/battery engineer interested in batteries, solar cells, LEDs, nanotechnology, and electronics.   "
" =) boomer sooner! "




"I´m a receptionist in a Engineering-company for a BIG 4-letters-car-company in Bavaria ;-)"






"Helping Hudson Valley NY Real estate clients since 1938!"
"Just a Northern girl is that enough? "

"Some shit about me I guess.              10•20•2010"







Hello!!


"born in obuasi ashanti region, am a cool guy who loves music dancing reading novels and movies. plus i like basket ball and soccer"






"Estudante de veterinária...tranquila,adoro uma festa e de ficar de bobeira com os amigos,"



"Taking life 1 shot at a time. Speaking of shots, I`ll have another."





=D

"19. Game Designer, Drum and Bass, Dubstep, Video Games.  Friends Family God.  Cant stop looking back but I have to keep going!"


" I have an amazing beautiful wife and 5 yes I said five great kids. I am almost done serving 20 years in the United States Navy."
"It’s been said that the French Quarter begins in the lobby of the Hotel Monteleone."



"I Live in the UK somewhere i think.!! I Have Sister nd we are really close to each other....."



"I hope someday there will be a day without complaining and without any forehead wrinkled. that there is only a smile. I wait for the day"








"and love is a word used too much and much too soon"




"Barber/Entrepreneur  CUT WITH PRIDE #FlightTeam www.carloshairstudio.com"

"I bite"






"Um eterno amante da vida!"

"Ed Sheeran:) Mumford and Sons! the best ones. "

"994599 ( 닭 사오 닭 ) "

"Just posting on siliconera, the best game blog. "
















"only the names have been changed to protect the innocent........"






"A happy and blessed working mom and wife"

















"producing my way to producing"
"Colonious Funk(Producer/Composer/Engineer) has worked actively in LA for over a decade on a host of different projects. "


"A Swanky Chic Monogram Boutique"

"Thirsty for Tech, Enjoys getting high on adrenaline dopamine, LOOOOVES seeing technology at work."
"the dude abides"


"#TeamFreakNasty #TeamLightSkinned #TeamAndroid"
"i`m very self-respected n easy going dude! Jus start`n my twitter 2 find ppl n be friends wit errbody cus dats wat Jay Stone bout! HOMIE!"






"Trainer and consultant in capacity building in fundraising in Malaysia."





"Offering luxury catered chalets and accommodation in Colorado. Living the mountain lifestyle and loving it! "
"Lover of animals, wine, cool music, dining with friends, mid-century stuff and a really good Realtor. Also love DC Real Estate!"




"I MEAN,WAT CAN I SAY ITS ME"





"Loving my life, my friends..and to party!! "










"Go Big or GO Home"

"a fellow traveller"


"My name is Stephanie... and I have the greatest 2 year old boy in the world! I love to travel, read and be with friends and family!"
"são só simples detalhes."

"Recruitment professional = Do it, Delegate it and Delete it. #Recruiter #Consultant #Mentor #Business Planner #Trainer #Content Writer #Entrepreneur"

"Walking on broken glass from the wreckage of my past..."

"Love my family, ferrets and the outdoors.  I enjoy SEO something fierce."







"~How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.~ A. Frank  I`m a FA Photographer; love life through a lens :-)"


"█ █ █ █"




"New band in Southern Onatario playing a blend of styles creating dark, powerful and beauiful music. "


"Ballerina and Pilates Coach"

"Artist.  Anarchist.  Publisher/Editor of the Invisible College Journal/Magazine http://ic.earthrites.org "
"hey there. xD want to know more about me? haha.click my URL.m http://www.plurk.com/dy_anne_1025"








"Engenheiro civil, 32 anos, fã de F1 e do Palmeiras"




"VP, Liggett Stashower, Brand Director"


"20yrs, new and proud mom,love being active,love ellen and the west coast."

"marchista la paz en el mundo"







/m/


"Bartender. Colorful. Filipina. Friendly. Hyperactive. Irish. Kind. Random. Talkative. - I`m gonna change the world!"
"On the road or in the air."
"17; Dominican ;  Love`s Red 3  Goes to Mercy College , Studying Biology "


"    Ethiopian skinned    Something like a phenomenon   Peace"

"hmm i like trader joe`s popcorn. a lot a lot. "


"The unlikely combination of Jock & Nerd; like two guns drawn, John Woo style! (Ubuntu/webdev & rugby/fitness)"
















"Life is Good!"


"I Gotta Be a G untill tha day that im gone"

"A FREELANCE WRITER, AND NOT SO FREELANCE MARKETING SPECIALIST, A PR, AN EARTH CITIZEN:):) INTERESTED IN WHAT`S GOING ON IN THIS WORLD:)"
"San Francisco`s only mushroom store.  If it`s an edible mushroom, we have it, along with all kinds of crazy good mushroom stuff."

"Janet Koroscik has a diverse background and extensive experience. She has served as a supt, curriculum dir, inst tech teacher, and adjunct instructor."
"UC Mechanical Engineering 2013"








"What!? I can`t hear you. My awesome is too loud!"







"Founder of BrandVista.com"


"I like cookies!"



"Happy go lucky dog lover in search of a bit of happiness and lotto money!"
"Strategical and Operational Marketing"

"Magazine major at Syracuse University`s @NewhouseSU, intern at energyNOW!, photo editor at The Daily Orange and art director for Medley. "



"I am a SAHM of 3 beautiful girls. I have the best job in the world!"



"Get at me`"




"the life of a homless person with a large house"
"I like food. My name is Bob. Family guy rocks. GO STEWIE!! i luv drinking coke and i go to bfms."


"Trying to settle in the ghetto"






saving/sharing




"ummm... i like her, friends, tennis, and a few animes"



"Vidatra32   X1IPS1   Owner International Hotel :)"



"Soy Ing.Comercial y Forestal. Casado; con 2 Hermosas niñitas.Actualmente armando una mype."
"i wanna be extraordinary people..."


"Collage of colors is comprised of beautiful \"pieces\" that make the artistry of life so colorful..."
"I`m 75% Italian, 25 % Syrian. More a lover then a fighter, anything else you would like to know please ask, i`m not shy."





"Reverse mortgage and financial services professional based in ATL, GA."
"iOS app developer (education), Computer Science teacher, nerd"



"IBM Express Seller promotes a select range of IBM Express products at special offer prices"


"Não importa se estou ou não só de passagem... só quero ter certeza que valeu!"

"I am an enthusiastic HR professional, wife, mother, and masters level student in organizational development.  Looking forward to graduation in August 2011!"




"6`9\", 290 LBS pure viking meat."
"well listen to this im a ravin homo lol"






"The best stuff from the web and my world... "


"SKOSI stands for Slovak Open Source Initiative and is volunteer driven project since early 2002.  SKOSI since beginning was goal and project oriented activism. "

"Principal and Managing Director. BFA from Arizona State. Play golf"








"Funny, dork, student, i`m pretty much awesome "
"Consultant, writer, producer, video editor, lecturer and blogger.  StoryGuide maker, general maven of mischief and father to four. http://bit.ly/drewkeller"










"GO BENGALS,CAVS,REDS,BUCKS"
"Dog Trainer from The Rock"



"im 22 and still tryin to find a job "




"living in UK, lived in Europe and USA."



"I`m a simple man, I work hard, I play hard. I workout like a beast. Anything you wanna know just hit me up."




"CPA by profession. Sports is passion. Frustrated writer. Luckless to draw a good break. A riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma."


"I`m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, but if you can`t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don`t deserve me at my best.  "



"I blog about crafts, cooking, baking, printing, etc. "

"Working wife and mother of 4"




"Domestic Engineer"







"UX enthusiast"




"just average"




"i have brown hair..... well lets just say i love justin bieber, i am a big fan of jasmine V 3 (love her voice!)  and i love dogs :p"



















"Just Be Myself . BBPin:23704308 BLOG : http://jeanniiesdiary.blogspot.com/ "

















"maker of things. neighbour. lover of possibility. watcher of hockey. enjoyer of life. passionate board member at craftworks society."



"Bbm pin:31751F9B/#TeamTeddybear/#TeamBlackberry"








"Yello, my name is Mrs. Monica Gerard Way :3"



"single mom, unemployed, dying with the rest of the economy.  No job for two years, but two beautiful girls that keep me happy and young."









"Черепашка с пропеллером. Воинствующий эротоман. Пью, курю, ругаюсь матом, работаю дворником. Моральный кодекс человекообразной медузы."



"There’s a Better Way To Make Money. Do What You Love And Make $200,000 First Year! No Experience Is Necessary. Full Training Provided!"






"i want to be a rocket scientist when i grow up."
"Actress, director, been in Movie Ind. for years"
Venezolano

"日本酒が好きです。でも、むつかしい事は聞かないでください(^-^)/ 一応、ギター弾きです。マンドリンアンサンブルに参加してます。 今年の九月に大学時代のクラブのOB&OGで演奏会をします。"

"With so many people looking for jobs, greencareersguide.com is determined to help you find the green job of your choosing.  The time for a green career is now!"

"Um aprendiz de fotógrafo aprendendo a ser advogado..."






"i like baseball and music"
學生



"blonde - having more fun!  i wanna beeee forever youngggg"



"Director y productor de cine, radio y tv, en España y Ecuador, representante artistico y booker internacional, presidente de Moonlight Entertainment "

"Life Researcher club member, tech specialist, Social Networking and ultra-mobile user enthusiast !"

"I`ve been writing and rapping since early 2001 & been recording artist since 2006. To my family & 2 those that have kept real thank you and I love you all!"











"Iam a creative thinker, designer/artist in the making you`ll see more of me I promise. Born This Way Since 1983 HoMOPhOB!a.3.6.9 its A BRAND"





"DONT HATE ME CAUSE I CHOSE TO CHASE MY DREAMS"
"i would love a sleepysunday"













"Hottest and Highest Paid Sales Director Jobs in New York City. Delivered every few hours."
"bitches ain`t shit but hoes and tricks"

"If not for the grace of GOD there go I"

"Web-Based Management For Successful Programs"





"우리 만난적 있나요 없는게 메리트 인생은 금물"
"Fashion PR, general bludger, catwoman"


"Budding Animator / Hopefuly a Voice Actor someday / Reluctant Bum"


:)
"Living Life.. Working Hard.. Its Good to Be Blessed.. "

"Serving volunteer leaders."





"Hey! If im actually online, its cause im really, really bored, so talk to me and break my boredem!"



"At 17,I enjoy a lot of stuff. Music I listen to anything, T.V. shows are Friends, PPl, 90210, and dwts, Movies anything from the 80s, and anything else. "

"Music Producer, Artist, Dancer who`s motivated and loves life. Wanna Collab? Brianmusic89@gmail.com #TEAMBREEZY for life!!"
"Admóm. Financiera V Sem. El conocimiento es futuro"

"I am a young professional interested in the events and discussions that shape foreign policy and therefore our lives.  "





"SynchroSonic is a innovative Belly Dance Troupe from South Florida. We dance Oriental and Tribal Fusion. "

"My obvius charms & god-like powers always dazzle the simple..."

"Eigenwijze portrettekenaar, survivor en bovenal: lief. Zie voor mijn tekeningen mijn site"






"i like 2 party!!!"
n00b



"Life`s not about waiting for the storm to pass... It`s about learning to dance in the rain."
"Real Estate Agent for Prudential North Georgia Realty"



"...Sweet, Bitchy, Lovely, Sexy, JAMAICAN..."




"Mom of Lee & Andrew"





"roltoni buc buc :)"




flummoxed

Bahhh!

























"Licitaciones al día en tu correo electrónico. Suscríbete +58-212-2710719"





"Minha Mãe gordinha teu sorriso é tudo que preciso, só queria poder conversar com você como antes, agora só me resta ajudar.... te amo pra sempre!!!"



"lin lin"





"Student of performing arts! life`s a stage so have fun!"


"Adventurous in KushTown USA"



"WISCONSIN SPORTS!"



"honestly, there is no way to decribe me... but my tweets might just help you on figurin me out ;)"




"I love sliding on the wood floor with my socks on.You may think you`ve got away with it but I`m just biding my time."
"Watch this space...."








"The Internet Protectors is a community site for all computer users to assust each other in today`s security/computer issues."








"Retired Air Force Medic. Started the second half of my life as a Cruise Agency Owner. CEO (Cruise Expert Only) of my company. It would be tweet to assist you!"
"follow me and your life will be complete"





"Retired Air Force Captain.  AMSAT Canada Delegate.  ARISS School Selection Committee."








"I`m an advertising professional, a runner and a listener. I laugh a lot, appreciate when someone has something smart to say, love the Memphis Blues and my dogs."


"i`m just an abnormal girl tryin` to live in this thing called life. so come along for the ride filled with laughter, fun, tears, love, and of course penguins (:"
"I fill in circular holes with a pen that`s square."






"Art Jewelry Designer and dog lover"





"I`m a one trash cat marching band. Also known as psychotic mime, psychoticatelophobia, rainbowunicorns and formerly madam shoebox"


"`93 TILL ∞ ALUMNI, `11. FUCK OFF. DEUCES TO ALL /m/"






"Empresario. Twittero y usuario iPhone desde 2008. Tweets muy geeks de tecnología y psicología, no aptos para mentes promedio."

"Analista de Sistemas, Trilheiro, apaixonado pela vida!"

"Down to earth and laid back. Thats all I can think of."





"Just being myself!! "







"Hip Hop enthusiest working to revolutionize the underground Hip Hop scene in the south. Long live the Southern Underground."

Da1&only



"I Love Finding Awesome Deals Online, If you like Great Deals too, then Follow Me and/or check out my website: bestfounddeals.com "
"Straight2Work allows companies to advertise there jobs directly to jobseeking candidates who can apply directly back to them."

"Soy muchos y ninguno a la vez"


"sensitive *o*"
"Husband, Dad, Harley rider, pilot, skydiver, traveler, educated, love life"



"Website content producer, career journalist, comic book fan, SF Giants devotee"





"is me; a Playgirlz and DBLV"







"какая-то сука заняла логин kolars, больше мне нечего сказать"








"I write on any subject I am interested"






"Analista de Comunicação. Portfolio: www.lqa.com.br"
"My life is a circus, THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH!"



"MTB in Tuscany: Advices for mountain bike in Tuscany"

"the two loves of my life = friends and family and the one hate = sweetcorn"


"i am, thank you very much."
"From Pennsylvania, livin in Phoenix. Married. Crippled up in a car crash couple years ago....love my wife , dog and kids."
gplus.to/tystu



"Charmed Life,Tragic Hairline, Great at Parties."
"Gaúcha gremista, estudante de Letras frustrada, azarada, desbocada e que acha que internet é playcenter. "
"i`m miranda. i still watch cartoons. i`m obsessed with music. i love to dance. and i`m still a little kid at heart :)"







"Music, family, friends, and enjoying things as much as possible. That`s me!"











"sexy "
"U jelly ? cool story bro . you`re a right conti . Anne Frankly, I won`t stand for it."















"A ministry for church leaders and their families."



"22, Engineer @ SystemIntegrato"

"Bagunçeira, desastrada, atrapalhada, desorganizada, grossa , orgulhosa, educada , irritante e palhaça. Sou tudo, menos perfeita."

"I`m a girl that`s interested in language and travel and music, among a bunch of other things. "
"Profissional: Administradora de RH por formação e registro. Analista de setor pessoal por opção e vocação. Pessoal: Como alguns amigos dizem, maluca! "



"go go power ranger"










"I can help you get Hot Leads for just about Anything! Try me. - Have been in lead generation for over a decade. I`m happy to share my experience and knowledge."

"Nothing Lasts Forever - Cash. Cars. Girls. Boys."
"영화를 좋아하는..미래지향적인.."



"domestic goddess and mother of 4 beautiful girls."













"bored to death"
"...not all that nasty? You think?!"



"The official Brooks School Twitter Feed"








"Vocalist, producer and founder of the LML Music label."


"AniNaruto admin. Naruto Shippuuden fan."
"Subscribe to the `tweets` and ye shall learn."



"out going and loveing to my wife who ha stage 4 liver cancer and has been given 6 months or less to live shes my world"


"Scientia potentia est"

"Bases are merely pawns in my larger strategy."


"Having the time of my life!! Interested in anything outdoors, travel, good food, and anything new and exciting."

"christian, wife, mother of four"
"I enjoy chilling like a spiced gazpacho with a loved one."





"Pemalas, Mesum..."

Jornalista
"Hairstylist with edge, trying every day to do my very best work.. Living and loving hair, my husbond, kids and cats!"



"Tomo pastillas de rock, inhalo polvo de pop y me inyecto la mas pura electronica. Soy un futuro biologo, 1 loco, 1 geek q le gustan los comics y videojuegos ;)"



"I do not create art... it creates me."
"My Life Is Jesus Christ....."





"One of the most unique music festivals upon the dazzling, shimmering shoreline of the azure Adriatic"
"I`m pretty awesome"
"phd student, geek, rock musician"
"Mom, wife, mother in law and soon to be Grand Mum to the baby Weaver, Knoxville Realtor® covering East TN. Child of God and very blessed."
"fat, feminist, pagan, pansexual, queer, supporter of LGBTQ & women`s rights, student in my mid-20s...fiancee to @GeekyJeffrey"
"Being in ℒℴѵℯ never goes out of style. ♥"



"The niblet is seven years old. These are the things he says."
"I am bulk logistics operations manager for D & D Trucking & Services, Inc. Always looking for freight daily! Hopper, Pneu, WF. E-mail loads: jackie@d-dfeed.com "











"Follow be and maybe you can be my friend and then you probably can know more things about me."



"introvert. outcast. smug. ambitious. special. "

"I`m Leon From Kingdom Hearts"
"erotica author"





"I love my son joey and my boyfriend eric and i love to work ....the beach.......and i love music and cooking "
"Estudiante de psicologia industrial y organizacional. Wanna be runner =) #limpiemospanama #curecancer a world with less cancer and more birthdays. "


"Single,,,, full time student! And a mom"





一人も嫌いじゃないけど･･･でも、とっても寂しがりや｡。わがまま?!　(^-^;



"Work in Grassroots Football, do a bit of navigating, from Donegal, living in Meath"



"TOo rEAl 4 YoU HoEz. ."

"sum call me crazy,sum call me mad,sum just dont knw wat2call me.wen ima around no1broard ima da life of da praty!!!1"

"nothing so special.. i`m more than 160 characters.... see more of me when u follow me and i`ll follow back for sure...:) .."
















"witty & spriteful"





"Olharam para ele, e foram iluminados; e os seus rostos não ficaram confundidos. Salmos 34:5"








"Follow me cat lovers!!"
"riase in  bx born in the bk i have a team called young money we throw bball games parties an other event"

"waiting for the beat to kick in, but it never does, waiting for my feet to wings, and lift me above"





"Just graduated and im asian  and i know how to play the uke ^.^"


"My name is Pups the Traveling Lab, I travel around the world and site see and pose for pictures at famous places!"




"managing director of new media business policy review and non-exec director of leeds social enterprise re-work office furniture"

今更ツイッター初心者とか私もオッサンです。

"育児中(＠2歳娘)元アパレル･現PTA会員30代主婦*お買い物･食べる事･TDR*Free Soul､YMO､SMB､小沢健二､ピチカートファイブ､オリジナルラブ､安藤裕子､Nona Reeves､中塚武､Jazz`in Park､Perfume･･･*ﾅﾁｭﾘﾗ､ﾘﾝﾈﾙ*麿とピースのまったんが好き♪"

"VP Sales & BD at Getjar"
"PROUD Chain Gang/CeNation member since 2001. @JohnCena is my inspiration and my hero! Honorable mentions @RandyOrton,  @CMPunk, @TedDiBiase and @mikethemiz !"



"Soo super extrovertiida e amavel (:"
"Work hard, Play hard. Focused and relxed back. Ask me anything."


"Downey`s/Musicals/Stanley Burleson/Marcel Visscher/Eten met vrienden/Schaatsen/Werken met mensen met een verstandelijke beperking/puzzelen Jan van Haasteren "

"Shorter and crazier than a dwarf"











"My name is Jorge, but everybody knows me as George, this is my twitter account  that my teacher asked for me to make."

"Love to travel... Love the blue and white... Love architecture... Love the beaches..."


"I aim to please"







QuietStorm


"When you expect a Kick in the balls, but get a slap in the face it`s a victory."
"I`m Master/Colorist/Hairstylist and I own my Salon.I love what I do.And I do what I love to do   "
"PR pro by day, photographer by night."

"I live in Rugby, it`s nothing special. I really need a job also, and im studying my A-levels soon.  facebook-emily clements. byeee:)"
"Hey i`m 18 & a Newbie to Twitter! Help me out if you can guys!  x"






"Dream until you`re dreams come true. Never say never. Justin & Beliebers  ♥"







"Chelsea, Real Madrid, Lazio, France, Germany, LA Lakers, iPod, DVD, Accounting, etc."





..........blablablabla
"am a sturbon and simple person outgoing and i like keeping a low profile"
"■職業：デザイナー（ＷＥＢ／紙） ■リスペクト：岡本太郎 ■関心事：人、宇宙、生き物、人間社会、ジェンダー、政治、ジャーナリズム、メディアの在り方、日常 ■嫌いなもの：偽善者、クソ虫 "

"A guy who is very athletic and likes to talk to friends (occasionally)!"












"I LOVE The Iconic Boyz! :D"

"東北地方太平洋沖地震の被災者の方心よりお見舞い申し上げます。AfterEffects,Illustrator,等を利用しWEBやFLY作成。また友人とProjectionMapping活動を開始。現在本格活動に向けてます。"










"Check out my blog: http://sportsdude-blackie.b... A site discussing everyday sport events and sport news. So come on, get involved!"













"little things we ignore make us ordinary...   "

"Librarian/musician/etc in Boulder & Denver CO"







"Needs a good laughorgasm!  =D"

Eh.





"This ya man Uptown`s Finest holla at me when you see me."

"Fun loving, God fearing...aspiring attorney, I jus love life and sleep♥☀ ☺®"










"The proud child of (Blank). Educated (Florida A&M University). Google me. Oprah`s niece. :-)"










"there is much for me to tell you about myself. it would be easier if you just ask"

"Large full service Garden Center in Albany, Corvallis, Salem, Eugene area."


"Issaquah - 18 - single :)"







"i`m a 34 yr old  mama also a voluntry foster mum and full-time care giver to my 8 yr old who has a intellectual disability...but a damn cutie"
"فعلا فقط زنده‌ایم تا ببینیم زندگی هم میتونیم بکنیم"
"currently attending longbeach ciy ; dnt gottyme ofr thee games ; so if datswhatchu do go ahead & dnt bother :)"
"A monk of Sangha Agung Indonesia and Plum Village!"



"I am married to Sam Knox.  I love animals, we have 2 dogs, 2 cats and a small snake.  I have 2 grandaughters and a grandson!!"


"i`m a girl who loves to fun(:"
"I play softball, run track, and powerlift, and I love to listen to music"






"Registered Nurse"
"Author, web designer, marketer.  Enjoy all things IM & blogging.  New fastplr.com site.  Love: Neil, good friends, blue skies, good food, aussie wines.  "



"Sophisticated ignorance "








"JABBA all day everyday"











"Im am very thankful"






"AiNt I"





"(✔ Verified Account) I have an intense fear of society. Books & Movies are my life. اتبع منطق الخروج عن المألوف "








"Since94. You know my name, not my story. Amante del hielo. Heartache became my friend. A mi secta los llevo en el alma."

"eat, drink, and be merry :-)"
"i no u want me, u no i want ya"
"Vagabundo, hago páginas por comida."
"Nothing real can be threatened."



www.blowradio.com
"I`m Interesting and I kick boxes for money. :)"


"Eu aprendi a me importar menos sobre os pequenos detalhes que eu sei hoje não são nada para mim."




"Senior Architect/Azure at VX Company and Microsoft .NET Track Owner, Boardmember, Magazine Editor and Event organiser at Software Developement network (SDN)."


"Niña con (LL) reparandose (:"


"I read, draw, photograph, paint and collect books, drawings, photos and paintings."






"If you wanted to do something good, do it now!"

"O tempo está passando, muito mais rápido do que eu E eu estou começando a me arrepender de não gastar tudo isso com você "

"If you know me, You`ll know."
"All talk about online storage. Deals, news and info to help get the most from your online storage."
747Fi74LiFE



"I`m the Executive Director of the Las Vegas-Clark County Library District, serving 1.5 million people over 8,000 square miles...and heavily used!"
"  Seen em` all come & I seen em` all go!! You can bet your last that my head won`t hit the floor.. NEVER!!!  "
"Ensuring that you make the right choice for you and your family is my ultimate goal. "

"I make art, drink coffee, write, and read...alot."


"M.D. in training and possibly your future psychiatrist one day lol... My motto: Live.Laugh.Love...I always do :)"





"I am Dominican, i enjoy cooking, playing sports, and partying. I attend Lehman College, and am more focused than ever."
"Med Director of Wrap Up Africa, Oncologist, Triathlete, Pilates enthusiast, wine lover, world traveler"
"i`m trader"
"watchu know bout me? "
"I AM ME "
"male. eighteen. filipino. God. music... ME :)"





"I am a pastor, a NFL junkie, a gigging musician, the husband of a hispanic hottie, and father of three great kids! Want to know more? Please follow me:)"
"im stephany n i love the Beatles"
"Cut, Cap, Balance"




"That`s what she said. "
"Uma pérola só é pérola quando sai da concha...Sai da conha, sou uma pérola...bem vindos"
"je t`aime "

カニンヘン・ダックスフンドの♀ニコを飼っています。犬を飼うのは初めてで、しつけ教室に通いましたが甘えん坊で怖がりでお散歩大嫌いな姫に成長してしまいましたｗ

"I have been married for 34 years and have 3 children and 8 grandchildren"
"Male born in1967 in the dutch province of Limburg. Grow up in a warm nest with 2 sissters 1 older & 1 younger then me. Married have a girl & a boy. job: nurse"

"My Muse is Debrah!"
"my name is shea lopez and im 13 and i love making videos and watching them my favorite activities r chillin and having a good time :)"

"I`m tall"






"One of the last free thinkers, though don`t expect perfection, not even from me!"
"I`d rather drive alone if I have to drive, but I`d rather not drive..."

"I just an ordinary girl"




"An eternal optimist whose mind cogitates on the lollapalooza effect of human thinking"


"Closet Archeologist...who loves vintage, art, beauty, life, romantic causes. Celebrate our differences!"




"I enjoy turning old electric light fixtures and lamps into lovely solar accent lighting for the home and garden."




"Graafikko / käyttöliittymäsuunnittelija Jyväskylästä."






"Travel, food, wine, cycling, politics, photography, gadgets, Paris & type 1 are just some of my interests in life!"

"CooL and Clean... c2"





"Estudante de turismo, confusa, brincalhona, tímida ..."

"My name is Ashlynn(: lol"



"The Prayer Warrior"
"My name is Adam Scheibeler and I have a twitter account."

"(Microempresário/Técnico de informática/WebDesigner) Amante de música e toda área de tecnologia! Com 22 anos e 1,92 de altura sou um tanto brincalhão e nervoso!"
"i`m a normal person,,,,hhihihih"






"da namez CLARA. 14 years youngg. Lakers.Dodgers.texxtiing. trry get too noee meeh;] latez.;]"
"I really do laugh at everything. :)"

"Mr. Jacobs, if you`re nasty"
"www.reverbnation.com/razorgmc  For booking or collaborations email: razorgmc@gmail.com"

"Just livin` my life!"
"The mission of the Emergency Nurses Association is to advocate for patient safety and excellence in emergency nursing practice."





"Musician/ Guitarist"

"GHI NHẬN TỪNG HƠI THỞ DÂN TỘC"
AMBITIOUS
"Mi occupo di interior design e qui racconto le mie passioni e quelle dei miei figli (sci, volley, buona cucina, viaggi, rugby, waterpolo, ecc.) "













"Arsenal FC "
"rangers mad grime mad tiesto mad "


"Todas as notícias, análises e a melhor discussão, sobre o mundo da Televisão e Sociedade, passa pelo Fórum português mais antigo sobre TV: O Fantastic!"




















"Video, music, and ELT"
"Boş zamanlarımda kriket oynamayı çok severim."


"Romantic , happy and beloved mama  ."






"Co-founder of Contently, Founder of Kingside Media. Pop technologist, poker player, basketball fan, documentary watcher."



"Once I get going, I`m never going to look back because I know where I`m going. I also love WWE!!"














"Harvard `10, HMSD"
"Alpha Gamma Omega, the Christ-Centered Fraternity - Used for periodic updates and updates from National."





"You`re just as sane as I am."

"Just an ordinary girl"






"PIPOPE por conviccion!!! amo la vida y el alcohol para saber como soy conoceme!"





"Student + foodie + martial arts practitioner + music and photography enthusiast + child at heart =)"









"Bacharel em Ciências Aeronáuticas, Piloto Privado(em busca do Comercial) e ECPrev do Cenipa e fanático pelo São Paulo Futebol Clube!"


"Rides iron horses, dances with poodles, runs with Glocks, shoots a Canon, loves good beer."














"sem palavras, sem descrições, assim é melhor."
"A physician currently in transition."
"Artist, photographer, writer.....success is not final nor is failure fatal it is the courage to continue that matters"


















"professora, divorc."
"Golden child?"




"é o apelido de Severino"





"Freelance Cellist, Teacher and Music for Health musician at the Royal Manchester Childrens Hospital "







"M-M-M-M-Music producer. Please email all business/press inquiries to mattremot@gmail.com"
"Harry Potter for life! A 16 year old living her life randomly. Nerdy at times but what can you do. Nerdfighters! #Pottermore Username: PurpleNight106 DFTBA"

"OC Ramps manufactures Skateboard Ramp Kits!! QuarterPipes, HalfPipes, FREE Shipping in the U.S.!! Take a look at our website for more info! Skate for Life!   "


"Former Buffalonian who has taken talents to SoFL. Husband, Bills fan, Purdue grad, Dad to two teens. Sometimes binge tweeter & not always politically correct"



"Author of the book BANG, lover, adventurer, deadly viper...  "
"Yummy Mummy!"





"Publicitário & Designer Gráfico "



"Video artist, comic creator, writer."

"Ashley Nicole, Eighteen, Adrenaline Junkie, Senior, Outgoing, Crazy, Love to party =]"

"Bio nade . . . . . . . . http://www.lastfm.de/user/Schabbock     http://schabbock.soup.io "



"Linux, Ubuntu, Mac OS X, Git, SVN, Shell, MySQL, PHP, Regex, POO, JavaScript, XML(XPath, XSL), YAML, Json, Ajax, HTML, CSS"





"made that octopus"




"hellooo. im a freshman at hchs. my name is kayla..ill be 15 on 11/15. i dare u to try to figure me out :)"



"Books, Gardens and campy music"


Nope.




"Freelance journalist voor onder andere nrc.next en NU.nl. "




"Producer For KME/Str8 Cash  Production Credits: KM, Shawnna,  JR Writer, Montana Da Mac, Chopper Young City, Arlis Michaels, Freck Billionaire  #TeamFollowBack"


"Photo may vary from actual unit.!LOL , BB PIN 315BA09D , REGISTERED NURSE"


"KIND HEARTED,SILLY,FUNNY,THICK AS HELL(LMAO),SINGLE MOM TO A SILLY PRETTY BABY GIRL"




"I`m Joanna.  I started making jewelry in 2006 under the name Ach Ach Liebling.  When I`m not working in my studio, I`m big into DIY projects, food and books."
retard




"I`m a crazy dreamer. I`m reckless. I`m fun. I`m guarded and I`m loving. I`m a wild heart. "






"Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway."

"Heyy Im Steph & This Is My Twitter Account! :D"








"has the most beautiful family 3"




"I`m a young, highly educated, urban, worldly Female. I`m a Fan of Sarah Palin. I make tribute videos. Visit me on YouTube, or at vidsweet.blogspot.com/"



"Bad decisions, good intentions."


"Brit ex-pat climber living in the worlds flattest country and loving it."


" I AM PERFECTLY IMPERFECT"









"Justa yung kid from da A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"


"Va doriti o nunta de vis? Un eveniment special in doi? O zi magica a copilului www.filmarinunti-aws.ro "







"Work at Scholastic in Corporate Communications and proud mom of two great kids who LOVE books. The opinions here do not reflect the company for which I work. "


"looking for a laugh"



"Loves: Da Bears, BHawks, Da Bulls, Cubs, My dogs, Vino, Bein fit, Sunshine, Fishing! "






"Cornwall’s original ultra marathon."


Unbalanced
"We teach auto sales people to sell DIFFERENTLY!  Differently and more effectively.  Consumers dig it; sales people love it."












"I make stuff out of things. I shoot photos of you and your friends and laugh about it later. Afterwards, I eat off of trucks and ride into the sunset. "

"A passionate, creative, and energetic firm specializing in Digital Printing,  Direct Mail, and Data Intelligence.  We make our clients feel like rock stars!"





"ITS OVER NINE THOUSAND"
"Baller4Life baby!"

"I am a Student,  a animator (beginner) by hobby,  i love music of any kind (depends on mood)"


"Graphic Designer"


"Architectural Ceramics is a comprehensive tile and stone company with caring, capable people serving the designer, builder & contractor in Metro DC, Balt & NY."
"Love my religion & Respects others"




Yahtzee!




"astronaut millionaire cowboy"


"Divorced, single, mum and grandma. Freelance trainer, avid gardener, Left wing, cat lover."

" JPhoenixXx  xtraordinary, Xhilarating, xciting"




"WAT IT DO BABY IM REEM FOR DOES WHO KNOE IM DA YUNG 1 ONE OF EVERY CREW BUT I GET MONEY AND GET FLY BUT LOVE COMES ONCE EVERY FULL MOON OR IN DA BLUE MOON "

"family Young Living oils natural healing body mind spirit nature LOVE LOVE LOVE technology travel adventure consciousness love "


"mi vidaa, es una burlaa, una completaa mamadaa...!!! jaja"



"An Awakened Mind.  In One, In All, In Love are Messages from God."





"Sou libriana, estudante de Direito, mãe de uma princesinha, apaixonada pela vida, amo ler, ver bons filmes, conhecer pessoas, gosto de aproveitar a vida"



"Entrepreneur, I`m looking to team up with business minded people Facebook: Kristina Ikrissie Stephens #teamiphone4 #teamblackberry 327D2D70"





"Geoscientist/Seismologist, who love people and work 4 humanity."





"No pain, No Gain!"
"hi i love animals and ferrets and cats and dogs lol all animals"






"13 anos, carioca, adora animais, flamenguista, entre outras ótimas qualidades!"





RAZORSHARP
"Rock. Insomnia."


"New album Tumbling Into The Dawn out October 1st. "

"Where`s the jobs at?"









"17 1/2 Years Old:] HS Graduate.  Dodger Fan. Viking Fan. Laker Fan. 3 Kershaw #22 3 Pau Gasol Long Beach. (:"










"I LuV33 mA lIf33 ThA iT IsS NdD I EnLoYy eTt sO0O0O0O0o0o MuChH CuZz........wElL CaInTt sAyY wElL Ya EnJoYy lIf33 ToO;p"
"Not a Jew."
"Jornal Avivamento"




"I GOT A IQ OF 160!!!!!!! I GOT TO MIT!!!!!!!!!"




orpheus
"humble? kindly? odd?"


"Army Wife who loves Dog Agility and Quilting  "





"Illustrator, Designer, Photographer, Co-Founder of Devicious.com"

"Don`t dwell on your past...normal is only a cycle on the washing machine. I love the present and look forward to our future:)"





"I`m not gonna waste these words about a girl (:"
"School librarian, teacher"


"i luv the art"
















"the 24 Hour Famine is a chance to unite with thousands of people just like you to do ONE SIMPLE THING. go without so someone else doesn’t have to."









"Cet été j`anime APÉRO MUNDO a Espace musique samedi et dimanche 16-19h. Musique du monde souvent techno Aussi collabo a #espace.mu Animateur deLe Lab Voxtv "
"I`m a Business Man"
"Happy and Loud! I love My Kids, I love My Man. I love socialising and drinking with friends!"

"My first name is Kristiana and my last name is Stiver. Check it(;"









"I am a person - I live and breathe - also twitter apparently"


"Life is difficult, but its totally manageable..   Ing telecom students..Hincha a muerte del Madrid!!!"


"9. Entscheiderforum Outsourcing, 25.-26.05.2011, Bad Homburg. Motto: Geschäftsstrategie–Innovation–Wettbewerbsvorteile: Outsourcing versus Cloud Computing?"








"I`m a 19 year old semi professional alternative model. "

"Seeker. Ponderer. Wanderer. Learner. Doer. Life-lover! *^_^*"

"Wife and mother to three awesome kids who loves Jesus and thankful for His grip on my life!"
"A revista galega do xénero fantástico."






"Gettin` couples focused on Passion & Romance!!"


"Guitars, dulcimers and mandolins are fun to play. "

"Freelance Editor in Australian Television, recent gigs, The Block 2010/11, RBT, Hi-5. 1,2,3,4 people. Opinions are my own."
"Our spirits speak. They say that love is in everything. Believe."

"Shopping Groups Books Scholar Finance Blogs YouTube Photos"
"Inspiring Christians to Transform the workplace and the nation."











映像編集マン。映画・CMとか。FinalCutProハードユーザーです。日本酒を愛する人です。体の70%は日本酒です。ゆらゆらとつぶやいてますが、よろしくお願いします。もっとお酒に詳しくなりたい


"Everybody LOVE the T-shirt white of NICK JONAS . ♥"



"PhD student at UF studying fandom, film, Deleuze, Lacan, new media, television, appropriation, and other shiny things."



"live in NC"






"I, love Rock, my guitars , and having a laugh. ."

"Relax,...smile, it`s a cheap medicin."



"Me chamo Felipe Melo, sou de União dos Palmares-AL. Graduando em Geografia. Sou Adventista do Sétimo Dia. Casado com Raquel e tenho um filho, Allef."











"Designer & front-end developer at @codefire. Loves typography, words & the web. Fluent in HTML, CSS & English. GF1 shooter. Drupalist. WordPresser."




"Senior Graphic Designer at Starcom Mediavest Group, father and a husband. Currently living in Poland/Warsaw."







"I`m me...I love me...always will..."


" A simple peasant man unconsciously rises up to become a supernaturally and spiritually gifted surgeon healing multitudes."
"International Medical Educator & Technology Consultant"



"Dressed in happiness accessorized with a million dollar  smile :D "


비밀
"Art activists"




"A little bit of my world!"
"Zenith Farm........"


"i love music, always have, always will"
"I`m an online quilting teacher and author of the Free Motion Quilting Project. http://www.freemotionproject.com"
"The name is Elllie , Im sweet honest loyal generous and loving ... i love to chill with my friends and family a whole lot and im a church girl.... SINGLE !!!!!!"






"fun,outgoing,love to laugh,optimistic,passionate"

"Jornal da Cidade de Campo Largo e Balsa Nova"



"justa short fat lady living her life thru the eyes of a skinny chick, Cause gee i can do all the same things and have all the same parts.Work as good too."


"Katiee. )   Brunette/ a bit of a retard. dont juge me by the photo."



"i dont want some pretty face to tell me pretty lies.."


"Um programador PHP descontrolado =)"




"Retired Single Lesbian"
"I am 20 and in a relationship I love adventure and new ideas. I will try any thing at least once.. lol depending on how much trouble it will get me in. "


"Interactive Director at Clemenger BBDO Melbourne + Caretaker for Twelevision Community. http://www.twelevision.com.au"
"I`m a Production Company with a lot of SpUnK! "






"If you are reading this, you are the Resistance. "

"Mayor of the City of Elizabeth, NJ"

"Professional Rugby coach, Eastleigh senior, junior head coach and under 15`s coach and part time player!"
reader



"A twitter rookie"




"50 and loving it!"













"Trying to walk the walk of Saving Grace!!!"








" shot"
"There`s Only 1 Me"





"weird "




"TheWanted.♥ `hand you another drink, drink it ihf yhoo chan` ♫ "



"Im A Rapper In Ur Pocket"


"I`m a charasmatic person"






"Nuestro Sistema de Protección Antihuracan Globalia está hecho con una Malla de muy alta resistencia que resiste vientos de huracanes categoria 5"
"Work for American Red Cross,enjoy travel, food, photography, reading and wide range of music "


"Under Assistant Aluminun Door Salesperson"
"I don`t really use this account.  My other Twitter ID for my business is 2createawebsite"
"im here to tell you how extremely hard my life is. and im going back to the begining to do it all again"









"We`re here to bring the best bands from the region to The Studio, Durham. Prepare your socks to be thoroughly rocked off!"




"Web developer, watch and clock enthusiast, amateur photographer and F1 fan. "
Max-a-Million
"Some secret are worth dying for"




"i am jenna. i am an interior design major at the university of north texas and have never been so passionate about anything in my whole life.."
"Proud member of ASG, Student Foundation, and BBBS"








"Bloke that spends too much time working, not enough enjoying himself. Aaahh, who reads this crap anyway?"
"Free minded,a chelsea fan,fun seeker and a lil silly and I ff back. Watch out ya`ll 4 d nxt self made billonaire!!!"
"Goldwater-Reagan Conservative.  I have sworn upon the alter of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man  -Thomas Jefferson "
"Não sou o tal, mais apenas você faz eu me sentir assim *------------*"






"I love shopping and jump roping! I cant figure out how to post pics yet but i will soon so keep reading my blog!!!!"
"Uhm. I sing, piano, and ratatatatatatat"



"I`m everything you think I am!"
"loves her family and friends with all her heart, and wouldnt trade a moment with any of them for the world."






"proud mom, devoted wife, loving daughter, supportive sister"
"Want to know about me? Im as weird as fuck, :P I hate snow  My music taste is random .. i love Midgets  ;)"
"Alternative hip-hop from a San Diego-based female rapper. Dig it. "
"Mother of two boys, married to a trucker, homemaker."
"I`m all about the finer things in life!!"




"i like drawing on apple macs and i love pixels."


"Founder and Pastor of The House, Christ Centered Hip Hop worship Exp. and Founder and Pres. of The Firehouse Community Art Center."
















"I am a self employed Counsellor I photograph Street Art using digital photography,I enjoy writing poems, songs, Lyrics and playing Guitar and lots more"







"A loner"
"Amy is the Psychology Program Coordinator at University of the West. She has been featured as a psychological pundit on the E! and Spike TV Networks.  "

"D Cerebral Assassin .... "
"My names Nicole and thats really all u need to know."
"Siempre habra 1 fecha, 1 palabra, 1 mirada, 1 pelicula, 1 cancion, 1 momento, 1 sonrisa.. QUE ME RECUERDE A TI.. ♥"





"a non-traditional art gallery and specialty shop that supports local artists"




"I work hard, then I work harder. "





"Proverbs 3: 5-6"

"Angel:Chill,Modified,Horror Fan =D"





"Residency Oh Oui ! party - trois Rivieres bar - real club - M-club every saturday monthly resident at national radio contact and more concept !"

"Hi. I am a practising orthopaedic surgeon "


"A dream is another life."
"im 18. ima gurl. and im new at this. xo"
"Hey sexy ;) "


"Всё правильно сделал,ок?"















"MotoGP and WSBK junkie!"
"Do your thing. Be what you are. If you don`t know what you are, find out."


"Non-profit community arts organization assisting youth and adults around the world in using media tools to share, record, and value stories from their lives."

"Visit me online at www.dasaintentertainment.com"


"A midwest girl who loves life, her husband, and the baby they made together. "
"Owner of Skyline Exhibits of Central Ohio. Proud Volleyball and Soccer Mom. Passionate about Family, Friends and Faith! Love Cooking, Reading, Movies & Shopping"


"Crazy and nosy media relations / PR pro & curious about too many things."
"A former Sydneysider. A quintessential New Yorker at heart."











"I`m a mom, a wife, a jeweler and a business owner of Sandy Toes Jewelry.  I have a great life, great friends and a great family!"



"Vegas Mode!"

"My names Fox, and I like to party(:"

"I am really awesome, you?"










"Southern Guy in the Concrete Jungle Aspiring to be Trilingual"

"Aladin is a Columbus native and enjoys building communities. Co-founder of @itmartini "

"Wrap It Up"
"Colorado real estate lawyer"

"♥ poser alert id: 00880 ♥ ♥ I am Danica Orcales.. ♥  ♥ but my friends call me Nica, Nic, kulit, Nitchie ♥  ♥ former HRM student ♥  ♥ im a certified kikay! ♥"


"Professor, poeta, sonhador..."









"i`m nikki. like what you see? talk to me.. =]"
"nutter just like my other(dan twin)"
"Im Karyn when you dont know me i might seem like a bitch or really wierd when yu meet me yu will think im cool nice and a bitch n wierd all at once but im chill"
"Interests : photography, music & video production, music, soccer (manchester utd)"
"I love myself and my family"

"Stay up to date with news from the Airports Company of South Africa"
"A Aliança Francesa é funciona como uma ponte entre o Recife e a França. Desenvolvendo tanto o ensino da língua, quanto eventos culturais."
"Times Educational Supplement – teacher jobs, free teaching resources and forums"



"The Art of Books Since 1949"


"Media Specialist"
"What Can I Say....a wife to a husband, mother to a 14 yr old daughter, 11yr old son! Entreprenuer; Blogger, Believer of World Peace, hopefully in my lifetime!!!"
"Author of PrettySweetLife.com, girliest guys girl, always down to have fun, unabashedly in ♥ with boot scootin`, dabbles in graphic design, running & baking. "




"39 yr old female, married with kids, teacher"




"looking for a place to start my Texas roasting business!"



"follow me:D"




"Young Black and Gifted, I kno where im goin and nothin can stop me"

"Estudiante de comunicación & Lagunera de corazón; amo mi carrera, la música y el futbol(: visita www.yodeportivo.com"
"eucalyptuscedarspruce http://masavegetale.tumblr.com/"




"(-: & I am now on Google+ https://profiles.google.com/108854810271415976592 "
"creative, on the go, mostly needing to be rehydrated with some kind of alchohol .. working mum..with bonkers sense of humour!"


"Nameberry is a smart, stylish baby names site based on our ten bestselling name books: Cool Names, Baby Name Bible, Beyond Ava & Aiden."
"Mestrando em Doenças Infecciosas - Universidade Federal do esp[irito Santo"









"I love helping others progress in this life!!! "

『かけ橋』は大分市西部（春日、西の台など）のハイパーローカルなミニコミ紙です。大分市西部地域の情報をtwitpic・facebook・fc2・youtubeなどから自動投稿します。


"Realtor for Bergen County specializing in the North East area with close proximity to NYC. I`m a top producer and a successful negotiator. Get the latest news!"









"Neon lights, Camera, Sushi, Drinks :) Good Times"


"I`m into tech, martial arts, and cars."




"im a typical 18 year old love boys clothes shopping makeup handbags and love to party with my girlfriends at the weekends! "

"не люблю людей, которые думают, что нужны всем. Поумерьте самооценку, жизнь всех обломает. Хватит диктовать свои правила, мы все лишь часть серой биомассы"


"서울에 거주하는 자유를 그리워하는 직딩.... "








"die hard demi fan. she`s my idol and inspiration."
"planning on a trip?"



"News and Information from Deutsche Welle, Germany`s international Broadcaster"
blahblahblah





"Working on identifying needs of the first responder community"



"Увлекаюсь коллекционированием редких книг. Люблю читать, когда есть время."
"a secret society...no a society with secrets!!"















"simple,i have 1 baby"
人生、山あり、谷あり、モハメドアリ。
"I am just me. I love being sweet, and I help heal the world. I have a great family and attend PHIF"





"Thier is only one one of me!!!!"



"I am what I am...tomorrow, who knows?"
"keep calm and do whatever the fuck you want ♔ "
"KC gal, wife, nana, friend, mom to Cashmere"




"Investigator jobs, careers and community site."




"I love being pre-med, traveling, new experiences, and Pi Phi!"









"Designer.~мσ∂єL~.⚜Fashionista⚜  #NCCU. .FASHION is in the sky,in the street. FASHION has to do with ideas,the way we live,what is happening-CoCoChanel♥"








"Progressive, science junkie, budding ukulele superstar, big fan of the humulus lupulus, and the oxford comma."
"i forget about this thing CONSTANTLY."
"Me and my frands (ajf5) ranting on youtube about our hate of the jobro"
"Online Marketing, SEO, SEA und das restliche Gedöns"

"Harley wakes up every morning to a fresh cup of Italian ground coffee."


"C.E.O of S.L.U INCORPORATED,Rank: GENERAL OF DA ARMY, i am not about Industry,am about In dus Streetz!! S.L.U al day every day.!"
"Beautiful..sweet..intelligent..strong minded individual.. "

"Eu sou para cada pessoa aquilo que ela acha que eu sou, mas, o que para mim importa é o que eu estou a procura de ser e isso eu ainda não sou."

"Produtor Cultural -  Cantor e Compositor"


"I am good person... Follow me!"



"well talk to me"




"Encourager I am the one people turn to for encouragement or a soothing word. The lesson to learn is never empty your own cup to fill someone elses."
"I am what i am, And i own a beautiful italian restaurant in Barnstaple North Devon. The best homemade pizza in Devon"

"Marketing and Mailing Service for Actors."











"This is the official Twitter feed for MedImmune and is managed by our Corporate Communications team.  "

"Having Fun, Making Money and Making a Difference by Defining, Learning and DOING "
"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"
"Im 15. I go to NCT. I play baseball and jerk. "





"analyst and motorcyclist."

"Executive Director, Strong Economy for All Coalition.  Public-interest attorney, activist, organizer, advisor to leading government and non-profit organizations"

"Do I give my friends advice? Jesus, no. They wouldn`t take advice from me. Nobody should take advice from me. I haven`t got a clue about anything."








"The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it. // , http://twitpic.com/photos/GoceT"

"Daily dosage of my thoughts, findings and amusements."


世界平和・交通安全とか
"NHRA (est. 1951): Celebrating 60 years of Hot Rodding. "
"Proud & independent single mother of 3"

"Basically, I make and fix things and I live on the internet."




"Eu gosto é de CAROLINAR"



"Liverpool guy studying Biochemistry at his home town`s university! Am Officer (Open Place) for guild`s LGBT society & Vice-Chair for the sexual health society."






"Catherynne Valente, who writes books. "


"The Hanshaw Family, Stuart, Maria, Tori and Ryan"


"Adoro natureza e pessoas... vida simples e sem complicaçào!"

"Ma life`s so interesting.. I just have to tweet about it ... "


"Horizon Future Leadership Sharing"
Teacher



"Journalist, former physicist, with a bartending degree. Cat-lady at times."










"Ringling Motion Design Student"

"cristiano, chambeador, MBA student,ecléctico, tenista, lector y gustador de las bbq`s...no tan sarcástico"









"barão da internet brasileira, dono de um mega portal de anúncios do mercadolivre e com mais seguidores no twitter do que a @igrejabolinhadeneve"








"Makeup Artist & Hair Stylist"


















"I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine."



"addicted to: reading/writing, internal martial arts, walking along the seashore, little things of beauty.. and chocolate, of course (mind you: I do have a job!)"





"music addict playing synth,oldies,goth,indie etc,welcome listen to or promote your own music"





"Bitches ain`t shit"
"i lOvE tO lAuGh!"









"I`m an always random, TV obsessed, Broadway/NYC loving, crazy fangirl with no life."


"Poetic, simple and conservative, but stylish and awesome. That would be me :D"



"Flash developper freelance"








"I`m Patrik. Twitter me fancy. "

"Specialist business architect - systems and processes experts to drive profit whilst reducing your stress. Photography is a passion"




"Hey :)"
"We make movies..."

"Photographer "







"I am a random person with a random personality, but most of the time I`m just so randomly boring. "







"Love Nature..Me encanta la naturaleza"




"She`s not ours ... she`s YURS!"


国内IT企業で技術者やってます。43歳。家内と犬のちくわと３人暮らし。横浜市在住。ITツール全般に興味あり。日吉と綱島で活動する、太極拳サークルの代表やっています。




"I want a damn wii!!!"


"Sitting out retirement"







"MiLiTaRy ScHoOl aLL DaY"





"Manny `Warheart` is the name. I`m just a simple poet and musician trying to smile in life. I got waves to flow with my winds and board to ride all of my life."


"#TeamFollowBack #TeamSingle #TeamDaddysGirl #TeamAries #TeamVirgin #TeamDarkskin #TeamILoveMyFamily #TeamILoveBoys"
"No, no, no drama, no, no, no, no drama!"














"No quiero demostrar tan sólo mostrar y que cada quien llegue a sus propias conclusiones ... (JS)"

"David Empey is a Canadian activist and web programmer."
"Sou um Bicho Preguiça u.u 2bj ;*"






"practically perfect in every way"





"Freelance designer delivering Corporate Identity and Branding solutions."


"You must be happy with yourself!"
"Betty of briefcaseness "
"sometimes i make funny tweets."



"Emprendedor, Financiero, Músico. "










"Treatments and Information for Ulcerative Colitis"

"Welcome to the Queendom!"
よろしくおねがいしまーす




"I am an artist studying with Tony Askew in So. Cal. Have rentals and a vacation home in the Sierras near Yosemite.  Husband is a French chef.  "
"Love me or hate me. Either way I`m on your mind"
"Sales/Corporate Sponsorship for the most exciting celebrity/charity golf tour you can play in!"


"media  strategy   design   mountains   climbing   hiking   breathing   eating  "




"Food Blogger who is very passionate about baking! "

"A story that happened in the length of a three-minute pop song!"





"How kewl sometimes I like fun times candles and wine did i mention long road trips my personal website"
"I hate when you dont know and then you hurt someone, and then you realize they were the one and you look at yourself and think...what have i done..."



"I like life; everything about it. Even if I don`t like my circumstances, or other stuff. "




"Marketing & Commercial in the food industry for 40 years, started my own catering company 20 years ago.... created Mise en Place - Food processor Software."


"Single again and sharing some of my dating experiences.     "
"My name is TPow.  It doesn`t get much better than that"
"i like fast cars and fast women"
`3
"Lying can be done with words, but also with silence"





"WORKING HARDER FOR LESS"

"naci en santiago , y he pasado inadvertido 17 años"

"manusia yang sedang belajar"

"Meah Nichelle. 18. #TeamAries #TeamBlackberry #TeamDDIYM #TeamRayBans  Wayne State in the Fall :). Follow me. &hearts;"

"Electronics engineer/musical guy that likes just about anything to do w/water and the outdoors"
"I am awesome. "


"Estudante de Psicologia! E muito feliz da vida!"
"COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE"
"19, BINUS University (double degree: Management-Information System), FRATERNINE (NASSA 09), stripTEES."


"I play basketball at University of Nebraska Omaha "





"Why do the caterpillar and the ant have to be enemies? One eats leaves, and the other eats caterpillars. Oh, I see now."

"Dewa Arimasen Deshita"

"I`m more of a life-liver than a dreamer, baby. Before you judge me, try hard to love me first."

"i am a figment of your imagination"

" Into my heart an air that kills From yon far country blows: What are those blue remembered hills, What spires, what farms are those?  That is the land of lost "



"Married to Paul. Mom to 4 daughters.  I`m awesome. the end..."





"Simphistic person - simple yet sophisticated"





"I`m a twiiiiiiiin"
"This is the official twitter page of James Karanicolas!"
"Most wonderful our life is. Embrace life with heart, love & dreams."


"Wife, Mother, Daughter, Friend, Apriori anti-aging skincare lover"



"I love, love, love country music, my family and friends! "
"I`m a lover not a fighter "
"having fun "









"S/W developer, aspiring physicist..."


Nanny


"Aunt, Sister, Loner"
"Somos un foro para bloggers con ganas de aprender, mejorar y crear una comunidad de verdad"







"Husband, Country Boy - LOYALTY: White Sox, Ohio State, Golden Tee & Scott Stapp Music! I LOVE my Dog Henry........GOD KNOWS I TRY! "



"I`m lucky in love with my best friend :)"
"Loving life 3 "



"meu nome é Rafael tenho 21 anos,sou um dos representantes da sub cultura scene no Brasil! "



"SD Adabiah 3 Padang, SMP 1 Padang, SMA 1 Padang, Sipil ITB 2007"


"Wagner Seahawks basketball news, analysis and stats brought to you by the StatSheet Network (http://statsheet.com)."

"Astronomy, Telescopes, Stargazer, Amateur Astronomer"

" Main Attraction  Im da prettydarkskin one&who mite u be again? #focus-#TEAMPrettyDARKSKIN #big30 #Dc #teamMainBitch #teamNoBasicBitches"
"Yo what up??"


"Generations 2.2"



"Sherri can still kick your ass"
"Woman after Gods own heart!! My life is not my own Lord, to you I belong! :)"



"When you look up \"schmuck\" in the dictionary you`ll see my picture"
"mujer extraordinaire"
"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"


nada


"aspiring professional whistler. in the meantime, wordpress pays the bills"
"I`m just Ordinary Girl, Luv my Family. Music n` cHocoLaTe it`s soo mee.Yeah! Life is SWEET ^,^"



"Austin `s  Unique Music Art & Gift Gallery."
"Life is Good =]"

"Happily Married Mommy of 2 busy boys :)"
"19. Geography student@Portsmouth. I literally have the best friends&fam in the world! I love travelling the world, but home is where the heart is afterall... ♥ "



"Scottish painter in L.A. paints dance, boxing & geishas with passion"




"Graduate medical student with a serious coffee habit."




"Keep it simpal"

"Ilove To Travel and Work from home"

"Thug means never having to say you`re sorry. "


"Industry Mogul"
"you only live once, enjoy it."







"The name is Philip Leigh and im 20 years old from Cincinnati, OH. I am an alumn from Roger Bacon and going to Cincinnati St this fall. "









"Programme Manager/Lecturer of English conversation to Japanese students"
"Leadership Expert, Speaker, Consultant, Author, Trainer, Father, Husband, Leader, Learner. How can I help you become more Remarkable?"


"hey now hey now don`t dream it`s over ♥"

19yo




"Oregon MBA 2009, Warsaw Sports Marketing Center"
我们和你们没有任何可以谈的余地。





"Still Trying to figure it out"

"Агрегатор техногенного ужоса, по совместительству магазин по продаже ноутбуков, телефонов и запчастей для боевых дроидов"
"Random ♥ Outspoken ♥ Occasional Bitch ♥ Funny ♥ Ambitious ♥ Barrister in the making my learned friend ;)...Be part of #teamfollowback or join #teamiwillsueyou "

"Dopest kid ever! please ask someone!"







"i am living with my Family our live and dream about getting free ! ...the system live your live and be yourself !"
"South Florida Movers"

"Gastrônoma, confeiteira e empresária!"


"사랑해요 김희철 우유빛깔 김희철 SaRangHaeYo KIM HEE CHUL Woo U BiCCal KIM HEE CHUL"

"* Live * Laugh * Love*"
"Just a man with 140 characters."
"An urban, edgy mix of contempary eyewear designs and exceptional service. "






"Eu já fiz a guerra, eu já fiz a paz. eu sou o lixo, sou o luxo, sou o ódio sou o amor "

"15, tall, blonde, 1 sis, sleepy, big music person, and love to read...some people think im funny...if that matters"








"I`m 17, & not for you.  I`m here for a good time, not a long time. Hit me upppp. 3"


"Gina Cordero Home Loan Specialist, 1st time Hombuyers, FHA/HUD Certified "



"Life Explorer... A Logical- Realistic- Optimistic-Dreamer..."

"MenciNtai keLuaRganya n @YhudoAdhiAnto :D"




"currently detained under the mental health act....how shit is that?"










"Hi~I`m  Networkengneer "




"Rock band enthusiast meets Finance degree."

"BINDAAS progressor"






"Online Privacy Advocate"

"well i am very outgoing person, very fun to be around and just really laid back great to get alone with"
"Carpe diem. ♥"





"FROM IRVINGTON... ONE OF THE REALEST NIGGA AROUND.. "






"I`m obsessed with photography"











"Damn. I only get 160 characters to write about myself?! But, there`s so much to be said. Should I talk about my hobbies? or what kind of music I like? How about"




"\"U gain strength, courage, & confidence by every experience in which u really stop 2 look fear n the face. U must do the thing u think u cannot do.&quo"


"I’m the kind of person who don`t choose Friends, having friends don`t gave options you`ll just see them all around. "





"MOM OF 3 TEENS 1 GIRL-2BOYZ 1 BOY MMA FIGHTER W/ TEAM SERRA & I LUV ED LOVER & POWER 105"
"Movido à pressão."








"long time veterinarian"
coordinator
"Life`s tough, get a helmet."
"( ^ ____ ~ ) I`m a huge nerd. "








"voy a intentar resumir mi vida en menos de 160 caracteres, que es el límite que impone esto: bueno, pues todo empezó una soleada mañana en el hospital univers"
"=] Me SeGUE AE ^.~"







"i like saying meow from time to time..... meow"




"Interneta reklama un marketings."
"DesertWeather provides weather information for Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley."

"(n) lover of most things. Weird. Overall the happiest girl in the world (n)"
"Founded in April 1958 we have prominant members amongst our number and raise funds through charitable sales of work"




"We are the Rho-Delta Chapter of the International Fraternity of Tau Kappa Epsilon"

"My best cosmetic is taking joy in living"










"null"

"just tryna make it in life,tryna follow this hoop dream"

"Racing, PC, TV (LOST, Fringe, NCIS, ...), Music, photography"


"Don`t really care what you think. Unfollowing is as easy as 1,2,3 :)"

"Just that ima cool dude and i keep it cool at all times im on here lookin for friends just to chat to thats all if u cool add me if not then still add meh!!"



"My dearest one, Raden Jeremy Andrian."


"@NetApp - IBM GTS EMEA rel mgr. in IT  since 83, based in London"
"I like stuff."

"Male fetus. Making 1st appearance sometime in late June."






"Actriz (Actor) Writer// 3 books!! "







"i`m shannon, 18, Luella High School CLASS OF 11`! i`ll show you a good timeeeee. "


"Have You Had Your Daily Dose Of Chasity?"






"Fast and heavy hardcore from the south of england."




"AnchorageTutors.com provides one-on-one, in-home tutoring services for  Pre-K through College"

"Just me!"
















"Getting a 6% return on lost capital. "

"Heritage High School. c/o 2011! Trumpet Player, softball and baseball lover. "

"♔Love is all you need. ♥"


"鳥、ポルノグラフィティ、ポケモン（ピジョット溺愛）、どうぶつの森（アポロ愛）Livly（リヴリー：ホオベニムクチョウ溺愛）、手塚治虫先生、辻村寿三郎先生、ディズニー、ジブリ作品が大好きです。 お笑いも好きです。 活動休止気味ですが、お絵かきも大好きです。変わり者ですがよろしくお願いします。"






"Disfruta las cosas buenas de la vida"
"I`m Nicholette, married to my Marine Jason, a gymnastics and cheer coach, LOVE MY LIFE!"







某米国企業のソフトウェア・テクノロジー・エバンジェリストです。常に最新動向を追跡しています。このツイートは所属する企業の意見ではなく、あくまでも個人のツイートです。



"Hey! I`m Veronique, I`m 17 & from Canada! woohoo! haha  I love pickles and dried mangoes. But not together. yummy."




"I`m a damn good artist just looking for the right medium.."



"▲ △ ▼ ▽"




"I`m talented...smart...handsome...some call me Mr.Congeniality :) Anything else you`d like 2 know...just ask me...."







"HR professional into consulting, top level search, and training for corporates, NGOs and individuals"




"Im everything your not... the bad stuff too :) Its Summer, time to relax and party !!"











"Zany, gregarious, creative woman who enjoys living in Hawaii. Sometimes feel like I`m a round peg squished into a square hole. Coffee snob. Lover of people."

" Music lover."




"music lover and traveller"


"Digital media sales at Facebook, ex Guardian and Sky. Cyclist, runner and tough guy finisher  "


"i really dont care that is the life i live care free is the way to be im about my money fuck all of the irrelvant shit..oovoo  whendoesitmatter"

"I am a graphic designer at http://iperdesign.com and work independently to fund and produce various creative projects in and around Philadelphia Not a bot ;)"


"I rock/ice climb, I slackline, I cycle, I ski/board."

"Set Your Own Pace"
"I aim to please. Music lover, stage manager, theatre geek, writer, organic food snob. Talents: training snipers, making tacos, sorting nails.#armenian"


"my bf is sooooooo cute!"

障害のある人とないひとが一緒に生きていける社会に興味があります。同じことをするのではなく、その人に合った生き方をお互いに許容できるところ。
"Saint Francis SID"

"my name is cláudia, and i`m from portugal. my role models & idols are emma watson, lea michele & demi lovato.oh, and btw, i have a crush on rupert grint. ♥"
"I`m a student of B.A. (Eng. Hons.) 1st year in Gurudas College in Kolkata. I like to play football and computer games."



"Von Simmons operates an Orlando-based non-profit that helps women navigate the corporate landscape. She also reports on work-life balance for www.examiner.com."




"Would You Invest $70 a Month to Create a 4 or 5 Figure Monthly Residual Retirement Income Within 2 Years? "




"Please Recycle. "

"We are now tweeting from @OWTBzone ! Get over there now!"

"Christian Astrup Bakke`s Twitter account. Spatial Planner in Hammerfest Municipality."









なんでもプランナー。だいたい赤坂か下北沢一番街商店街にいます。好きなものはお酒です。好きなマイケルはジャクソンです。　「40秒で支度しな！」と言われたら、モレスキンの手帳とカランダッシュのボールペン、Macとオリンパス一眼を革のバッグにつっこんで、ロングコートチワワの”こたつ”にさよならを言います。

"wanted by many, taken by none, looking at some and waiting for one"











BGN79

"LiiVE PiiNKK SPENdd GrEEN ! "





"twitter skeptic turned addict"


3



"Arquitecto de profesión. Viajero y fotógrafo freelancer. "
"Like a phoenix arrising from the ashes of our ineluctable doom, or something like that."








"BRB, Turning my swag on.. JK! It`s never turned off(;"




"Love you so much Heidi!"
DANCEEEEE.
"I enjoy good music, strong coffee, cold beer, and anyone who can finish the phrase On, On, _ _ _ "




"Designer to be ; Languages I Speak: Spanish, English, Sarcasm.  And I not only want a better world, I want to be part of that change!"
"Imagine uma nova história para sua vida e acredite nela."






"tolong bilangin sama yang tulang rusuknya ilang terus lagi nyari, nik gua punya sebiji. trims!"


"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"

"IRAIS CHELSIE DELGADILLO A. LIC. MERCADOTECNIA 24 AÑOS"
"2 know me is 2 love me.... And once you love me your caught....#confident"



"Please free @TrinaWright promise no more dodgy pics :-("





"Welcome to AudiWorld, the world`s most popular Audi enthusiast website. We cover all things Audi!"



"Anchor-Reporter for ABC News"
21E5E579PimPong

"I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together."

"Wedding: October 10, 2009"

"is doin what needs to be done simple as that"




"I`m a collection of my thoughts."

" "
"Hey its Ale :) I love photography, sports, & MUSIC...idk what i would do without music. And i love skateboarding :P"

"Favorite Words include egg, orb, debacle, faux pas, hullabalou"




"From Sweden - live in Oslo"

" control C control V Copie sua converça do mensseger e COLE para ver"



"#TeamFUCKYoTeams  ❒Single ❒Taken ✔ Pimpin these hoes "
"Systems architect, developer, CTO@SportingIndex.com, martial artist, runner, audiophile, petrolhead"

"Settling into my new role as House Manager while on maternity leave. Love family, martinis, cottage, sunshine and snowflakes."
"✔ POINT............................ ❒Single ❒Taken ✔MUSIC Professional Dancer.. Been on BET & VH1  TWITBABY-- @VONNIECOURTNEY http://www.facebook.com/pages/"




"Lover of God, our great country, police, firemen, soldiers, protectors, dogs, warm fuzzies"

"Creative Director, Marketing Manager, Graphic Designer, Photographer"

"bestselling author of 19 books, life management expert, internet community founder"





"Extremely weird...but in a good way :p"




"Interest in technology, fashion, art and politics and pretty open for everthing else."

"20 anos de sampa "
"i`m your celebrity crush."

"High-tech PR Pro, indie music creator, weekend ski warrior"







"Judge the one you see in the mirror, Looking in the mirror bckwards cause they cant face themselves...  #TeamFSB #TeamBeast #TeamForeverWinning"




"Outspoken.Sports.FuckYou. Sensitive.Don`t give a shit. "
"Hi I`m a professional and creative writer, currently embarking on my first novel. Look forward to sharing it with you."


" at war with aging +carbs, surround myself with nature, believe in the evolution of mind and soul. live passionatly, laugh whenever possible "
"martial arts, dance, parkour, music, history, life :)"


"I`m Drake. :) I`ll gladly talk to pretty much anyone."







"Minister Of Music @ Third New Hope Baptist Church"





"toothsome lady who digs Rock Collecting"


"I run a 10-person consulting firm and write for the NY Times, Forbes, American City Biz Journals and The Huffington Post. http://quickerbetterwiser.com      "













"I love the sky, `cause it validates my pride, never let me know when I`m wrong"

"I`m fun, loving, cool, funny!"

"Love to tweet about SEO, Google, Web, Technology and recent news and trends."

"Stay at home mom to three wonderful kids and happily married to John."
http://twototoyouth.pixnet.net/blog
"Gründer og litteraturviter. Jobber i Eratu som manusutvikler og skrivekursleder."


"A Jeito Soluções trabalha com tecnologia, novidades e informação."

"don`t be serious. ever."
:)


"Ascenda as luzes antes de atirar suas flechas. "

"Your hometown Mortgage Lender"

"You Hatin Ass Cappin Ass Niggas Aint Bout What U Be Talkin Bout( Im On My Grown Man Shit) "

"an extraordinary girl.."




"shop owner altijdkoel.nl, the coolest aircoshop on the net!"






"Weird Economist"





"Hello there(: My name is katie.... O_O All u need to no xD"




"I`m what you call a Natural Documenter. Catching all moments on film and paper is how I live my life and a way of expression."












"Nearly 50, living life to the full when finances permit. Got to take all opportunities. Enjoy sailing, motorbiking, skiing, music. Married- two kids."



"Lifestyle Photographer, Weddings, Events & Commercial"
ぼくにも何かできるかな？




"twitter virgin"
"Satellite Music producer"


"Existe momentos que você percebe que não é mais criança e deve encarar a vida tal como ela é..."







"Sou namorada do @Lalo_ramirees, ele é minha vida ! *---* Te amo mozão, pra todo o sempre.♥"

"The daily ramblings of a girl who is figuring out her place in the world."
"Life`s been good to me so far..."







"Ambitious young lady at Media, Marketing & Publishing... It`s not about what the future will bring me, but what will I bring the future??"

"engineer, gambler"
"Minimalist, Designer, Developer, Traveler, Dad, Drummer, Dreamer, Gadget Guru, entrepreneur, innovator, neat-freak, stylist, visual communicator, Deviant Purist"

"I`m Carol.  If you don`t like me, that`s fine, just keep your shit to yourself. Follow me I guess ((:"


"Helping Moms $ave Money"





"The largest science discovery centre in Southern Africa, Sci-Bono is an award winning edutainment destination for schools and families."
"you can`t handle me."
"The biggest 100% Ashes to Ashes fan group around! www.luigis.org.uk"










" Sou a alegria de quem me Ama, a tristeza de quem me Odeia e a ocupação de quem me Inveja"


"i love my friends, annd music is my life. "



"2011.8.13 JUNG GYU WOON"












"Nadine`s Twiddah"





"freedom and equality for all living things"






"Musician, Videographer, College Student with a TV and FIlm Major, Fast Food Restaurant Cashier"

"Director for TV, Commercials, Documentaries, whoever pays..."


"#teamfollowback ... follow me and i will def return the favor :)"

"Eighteen......loves to LOVE, sing, shop, travel, have fun.....etc. #teamSingle #teamMacbook #FOLLOWBACK (( = I love you!"

Photographer



"I`m Ryan, nice to meet you"


"Analyst & Navigator of Co-Ordinates, Time-Frames and Dimensions."
"When you`re around me you should already know that I`m gonna be straight up with you...like seriously don`t try anything stupid because I`m just gonna tell you."


"just a girl (:"









"19 studying law and criminology at uni :p "
"Texas mom"
"loves my gawjus boyfriend brent parkes xxx"






"I want to snort Keith Richards."


"overly educated outdoor lover"









"Im a sweet goal oriented chick who loves to have fun. #TeamLesbian #TeamFollowback"
"Technology Guy"


少壮不努力，长大搞IT




"hello!  I`m a 29 yr old child, i love the outdoors, music, and meeting new people :)"






"just here"



"It won`t be soon before long"



"That`s it, I Quit, I`m Moving On.  "


"Renee.  Anishinaabe (Ojibwe).  Probably too much time spent in nonprofit development. Coffee, yes please. Avatar: well, just the greatest little rescue dog!"

"Love drama, films, food and life. Eat, love,...then eat some more"
"I`m a former media consultant and currently a social policy analyst. My interests fall broadly along these lines. "


"Desarrollo e implementación de soluciones tecnológicas integrales. Oficina central: Billinghurst 1611 1er piso, Palermo - Buenos Aires, Argentina"
"Mujer, Abogada e Inspectora combativa, alegre y veloz. Ah se me olvidaba y d buen diente."

"Canadian exploration company focused on the identification and discovery of new world-class Rare Earth deposit opportunities. "
"Hot Stuff!!!"
"Accura Cast India. All our tweets combined in one."

"Irupiense, acreano, souzafonista e oráculo nas horas vagas"


"loves..aisha.art.music.roller derby.`KRASHLEEN HANNA`."



"Florida Christian School Cross Country Team"

"Bold (right now)"

" ♥ ‌floo .  ♥ ‌food .  ♥ ‌fun . "

"i love god family and business and loyal people"



Travel



"MiNDiN MA 0WN DAMN BUSSiNESS...0THER DEN DAT STAYiN PLAYA WiT iT..:L0L:.."
"A loser you`d probably want to be. #noH8. Justin Bieber followed me back on June 15th 2010 :)"

"Facebook (Jennifer Blenk Walsh)"

"Ingeniero Especialista Software."
"People of zee wurld, RELAX!"
"Im 19 years old from Australia"
"Curious, Intuitive, other worldly "






"I hate moving sidewalks."




" instrumentation and control engineer,social activist"
"A happily married mom of two who loves college football, H5O, the NYY and Nascar. Go Dawgs!"


"Elementary science teacher"
"Ad agency owner, resident, local history buff, WB is my best place on earth t 705-716-1670 Joe"








"Cornerstone Foursquare Church - Houston Texas in the Jersey Villiage/Cy-Fair area"

"Hellooo! We love jessie j, she`s actually god. ha, #alwaysheartbeats"




"Pre-destiny: might seem one thing and end up being totally opposite."

"Thalita Freire; 16 anos* Apaixonada pela leitura e a escrita & Futura Criminologa. "









"Lead Guitar Jim Carroll Band Circa `80`s Rock"


"O CAPITAL"
"International Real Estate Entrepreneur and Marketeer. For now enjoying my job as Man.Free-housing portfolio Stadgenoot and Stedenfonds Amsterdam."








"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"






"המומחיות שלנו - פיתוח ואספקת פתרונות אינטרנט ובניית טכנולגיות בינה עסקית , שמגובים בממשקי אדם-מחשב "

"Learning & Development specialist - helping you sell more, make more and keep more."




"down to earth easy to talk to kinda funny single mother, im 5`5 love chilln ... idk jus hit me up "
"Up and coming musician, teacher, etc..Soul winner!"

"NEW YEAR NEW ME SO FUCK YOU!"










"Bin zu dick und will abnehmen. Und genau darum geht es hier."













"love fitness and work out in general. Interested in sport especially cycling. I study leisure management in Nykøbing Falster (Denmark)"







"rio de janeiro"
"Servant of the Lord Jesus Christ"







fghfgh

"Thought Broker does smart PR. We also do Shaken and Stirred Events and Binge Thinking magazine."









"20. Christ follower, W girl, & a HUGE fan of Justin Bieber. :)"




"redeemed sinner & basketball coach of the Queens Royals"



















"Fußball, Online-Marketing, Web2.0 "



"Making it happen @neustar, interested in everything related to mobile, marketing, start-ups, technology, fashion, food and sports. "

"Happy Go Lucky"
"Spazzy, soulful poet, vivid dreamer, passionate writer. Sleepy. Single~ ;D"


"Umaa Flor! "
"Cluelesss, .=D"


"how do work this i am going crazy!!!!"

"Spencer♥   pearlescent & sapphire blue   amateur writer   FH UNDIP 2011   유라"


"tokiohotel fans "









"I`m obsessed and I`m an obsession, I 3 Debbie Harry & Katie Melua. Ciao"















Pokerplayer



"Father dealing with ASD and running a software company in spare time!"


"  say no to other! :p  Syg @deryreizky :)"



"A different artwork every 6 hours. Suggestions are welcome."
"FREE MY BROS YOBLACK,MONEYLZZ,BANKO,S&S,KillA"












"Titulada de RR.PP mención MKT,  Hermana,amiga e hija. Actualmente trabajando en Groupon y estudiando Publicidad.  Agradable y totalmente recomendable. "

okay

"enthusiastic, love goal-oriented working, prefer loyalty"
"hazard waiting to happen after hotwings and beer"






"Venezolana, amo a mi pais... Pero tengo unas ganas de salir corriendo."

"The Spectator is Seattle University`s official student newspaper. Tweets mostly by editor @f_e_dinger and @doranmcb"

"full time mum with 2 beautiful daughters an im 24"





"Married, since 2005 mother of a daughter, and completely addicted to ballroomdancing..."

"let the beauty you love be what you do"


"Making Wine Since `69. We are a Napa Valley Certified Sustainable winery with 2 tasting rooms: Calistoga & Carneros-Napa!"

"Carpe diem ! "


"Soon to be a dentist (casi Odontólogo) - LOvE tO exPeRimEnt wItH faShiOn (amo experimentar diferentes estilos)-  Misbehave - Believe - smile  - a bit TIMIDA :)"
"Businessman, entrepreneur"
"Voice Actor Voice over artist"







"fun loving-transformer-gijoe-boy cray chick!!!!!!"


"  Não busque boas aparências, elas podem mudar. Só precisamos de um sorriso para transformarmos um dia ruim."

"I am a author/writer,inspirational/encouragemental poetry,see work at Lulupoetry.com under alice cooper/alice jean cooper"


"I`m a jewelry designer, with one son and a a husband and I LOVE what I do."



"Unemployed quasiadult with a camera"



"Mother to three precious children, including an amazingly beautiful and talented 17-year-old... who wrote this for me."




たぶん一生中二病/言ってること毎日変わる/あほ/可哀想な頭/ゆめみがち









"cool as a fan"

"Best Bloke in the world, sometimes"


"Film Editor // Founder of Grupo Septimo   Cine Digital."



"im a shy and friendly person once you get to know me. i love to read and listen to music. "



...
"Im Da Realist!!!! "
"I owned many autoblogs out there. XD"
"im a person so ya"



"The Goodness Blog is a blog where you get to tell of something good that happened to you."






"I`m a mom and wife who is living, learning, and loving life!  God is amazing to me, Justin, Emma Grace, and Sadie Rose!"






"JASON is an emcee, a trained actor, Script/Song writer, Author, Host, Personality, Design of Hip-Hop, Feeling So Alive on Itunes Now"



"lost and confused. Trying to find my way. "
"Embedded systems linux kernel Android hacking golang golang-china"
"Communications & publicity for RTÉ Radio"


"life is too short to be anything but incredibly happy."











"Female Rock Artist"












"Interested in international health initiatives, women`s health issues, and serving others"

"Hola Ostias. "
"Retired writer, happy bachelor"
WEBディレクターやってます。落語と小説とサーフィンが好きです。

"16   a.h.h.s   sinqlex3   tweet me if yu mst [: "




"I,m a good person who like good people."
"IHI is a division of Aderans Hair Goods Inc. We provide the best solutions in hair replacement technology to professional salons & studios throughout the US. "

"You have been selected to receive a prize!"

"I`m a cool boy with dreams of making it in the world. I wanna b a rapper and i blieve dat i can b wateva i put my mind 2"

"3 ktikats"




"secondary school literacy coordinator"

"Celebrate we will, for life is short but sweet for certain. "


"    lazy. at tymez  øиły ŧяusŧ мysєłƒ αиd иøbdy єłsє is wøяŧЋ øя ŧяusŧwøяŧЋy øƒ мy ρєяsøиαł sєcяєŧs dats ME!..... So Stay Away From MR J. Sharma."
"A pessimist sees the problem in every oppourtunity, an optimist sees the oppourtunity in every problem."
"Colorada, gaúcha que faz graduação em Arquitetura!!!"





"Wife.  Mother.  Biz Owner.  Addicted to Supernatural, Vampire Diaries, Castle and WoW.  :)  Food Network, Top Chef, Rocco DiSpirito - serious addictions! "
"Owner of Les Ciseaux Hair Salon"







"Wife, mother of 3 and an English Trainer"


"Welcome to the Twitter page of Northern Irish rock band Silent Protest. Hailing from the Ballymena area has a hard hitting yet melodic sound. "




"não melhor do que ninguém , mas o melhor que eu posso ser ♫"




"HiT mE oN tWiTTer"


"Yes, i am that good"

"im the fucking shit!!!"


"Well, I`m 43 yrs old and a paramedic in houston. "


"tech whore"





"Grad student, sports lover, make-up obsessed, and the owner of some pretty cool earrings..I drive a bmw and am broke as a joke. Awesome!"

"Male/ interests hiking, computers, painting / employment web page developer / internet marketing / great sense of humor-I think my joke are funny"












"Love music, nature, gardening and GB　:)"
"yo yo yo... :) im chantel.. im maddd..   XD "

"I will never be the woman with the perfect hair, who can wear white and not spill on it."
"From Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. Currently in college at University of Akron. Die hard Packer fan but all Packer fans are die hard. GO ZIPS!! GO PACK GO!!!"

"I`m so FREAKIN` excited!!!!"








"Haikus are easy But sometimes they don`t make sense Refrigerator "

"The sesat boy. I love black."



"Canadian truck driver Rachèle Champagne Founder of the 1st All female  truck  *Convoy For A Cure*  in the world."



"QA analyst"

"Just a person who try to figure out what is this thing."
"A daily fact/tip/tidbit about web development. @ me with your suggestions!"



"Stay at home mom"


"Im me enough said!!! "






"Profissional de Tecnologia da Informação, Consultor de Business Intelligence e Performance Management. Meu Twitter em inglês: @marcusborba"


"you say you wanna fly, well follow me and take flight. follow me hoe(: Don`t miss my plane!✈"




"Hello Kitty Lover, Massage therapist,Elbow Lover, Nippologist, Scar kisser, Shower Opera singer"
"a fairy princess."













"all I do is win"



Quirky


"Reconnecting humans with the natural environment in innovative and sustainable ways."



" "



"Proudly Lovatic and Selenator !The rest? You have to discover! :P"
"Pink is not a colour, It`s an attitude."


"Part-time Retired - Full-time Travel Agent"


"I`m Aliyah. I am a vegetarian. I am absolutely terrified of slugs. & I love music. that`s all. get at me ;)"
"Licensed Contractor, Owner of Bluerock Builders, BYU Fan"
"I also want a cool personal message"



"life is beautiful "
"anime addict"

"Multi Faceted?"

" Graham Fletcher minister @ Christian City Church Vancouver"




"born in 1968 and I live in Istanbul, Turkey"
Damn....

"Rick is a stand up comic from Buffalo, NY, and he never ever uses twitter. Maybe he`ll start, but then again, maybe he`ll finally lose some weight. "
"Aprender a hablar nos toma menos de un año, aprender a escuchar nos puede tomar una vida."
"The Utah Valley Marathon, Half-Marathon, and 5K on June 11, 2011. Running through Provo Canyon and finishing in downtown Provo at University and Center."


"Former Nederland, Texas City Councilmember."

澪でしこるか。



"Manchester United`s Fan till DIE !!!!"

"Grow our Montreal Jewish Community by helping Jewish Singles meetup"

















" i really want to play guitar"


"Fta installations"






"I work full-time as a machine operator while I spend the rest of my time working breast cancer awareness and fundraising events. "






"Living my life as I see fit."








freiheitsliebend







"Canadian,University Junior, and a cool, collected guy on a quest to sing, act, play and engage in French culture."
Fun-Loving


"estudante de direito, aspirante a escritor e adorei a morte de lévi-strauss"


"Song and Dance, Spanish poetry, The Big Lebowski, books, my kindle, my grandma Ida`s necklaces, Nam-Myo-Ho-Renge-Kyo.  Cheesecake. Chocolate."
"Britney  GaGa Tanning Tennis Swimming Working Out"


"Dusty sniffs out the truth!"
"Bad habit from da Dogg pound"

"Im derek, i love my family more than anything else. Im a true hearted Bruins fan and always will be."
"Aquw...hemm gk perfect pkokny"

"one fine artist and hip mama"


"All the news, major deals and research vital to professionals involved in the European real estate sector."


"Media-maker with particular interest in education (theory, practice and policy), pedagogy & new media, and media literacy."
"Unix Engineer"
"I`m a Christian brother that loves people and the abundant life that God has made available to all of us to enjoy."






"All you need to know about me: Lover of reptiles. I`m a cool chick. Get to know me"





"Im tweeting way 2 much, follow me:)"


"Im 16, from [WI]sconsin, im 100% hmong, i rock skinnies.  SKATERBOI..chyeah"



"Crazy blonde who loves life!"


"Graphic Designer/Advertiser going back for Masters in Accounting."




"Salesmanager real estate on Hebbes.be / playing guitar in a great band called Les Incroyables / proud father (2 adorable sons) & many more ;-)"

"23 años, estudiante de Administración de Empresas, invierto en la Bolsa de Valores de USA."
"I love PINK!"

"just Follow me. #teamfollowback. #teamRUDE #teamFuckyafeelings :-p #teamFUCKlove #teamNaturalBEAUTY #teamJUICY"




"i like to move about the cabin when the seat-belt light`s on..."

"Eco-friendly detergents and fabric care that take the dry out of laundry."



"Actor, short film producer, practicing Farther of 2 (not yet mastered) and overall Gentelman. I can be what ever you want me to be. (For a fee)"








"Education can push your dreams forward! Hard Work & Dedication will fuel the drive towards your Goals! Combine all 3 & become UNSTOPPABLE!"


"разработчики radiorecord.ru  и еще 79 проектов рунета"

"Wife, mother of 3, and devoted NKOTB fan and honored 2 be Donnie Wahlberg`s #1955th follow! :)"

"Life is a highway, and i wanna ride it all night long!!"


"Deputy Director WV Legislature Public Info Ofc...self proclaimed awesome guy who loves his girls, country, state, music and the Mountaineers....views are mine"
"♥ art, fashion, design "







"really chilledd person andd lovinqqq my lifeee ifuxx widdd da baddestt qirlss andd love makinqq moneyy"

"Enjoying every second of life and looking to meet people doing the same!"
:)




"Tech guy, Firefighter."









"Programmer, economist, lover of science, creator of @dexyit, documentation consultant with @OpenGamma."

"I`ve had so many lives Since I was a child And I realise How many times I`ve died. I`m gonna close my body now!(Uh) Sigmund Freud,Analyse this "
"conceptual artist I am :)"

"Tel:(808) 237 6999 Sunday-Thursday: 5:30 pm to 10 pm Friday-Saturday: 5:30 to 10:30pm Lounge: Mon-Sun: 5:30pm to 12am "
"pardon me while I burst.."




"Married to my best friend, mother of 3 little girls, devout follower of Christ."




"投資顧問のアイリンクインベストメントがお送りするザラ場実況中継、投資情報ツイッターです。ミリ秒単位で入ってくる情報を、ズバッと更新していきます！ 金商法にかかる表記は、http://www.ilinkinvestment.com/company/compliance.html"


"Shine FM 100.3 - House Music & Chilled Vibes for Huntington Beach & Surrounding Area"



"i am who i am"
"Life must go on even if its really tough.. ;)"
" just one of the masses"
"I am a Z beak and I like Hp Ink"
"#teamsingle #teamHEAT #teamrespectful #LOTcrew #teamREAL  #teamDoItForMyCity #teamBFABB"
"I am Brandon W. Shourd!"






"Im wild and i move to fast in a realationship."

"Roger & Elise enjoying our sailing adventure.  Departed San Diego in Nov 2006"




"It`s always useful to know where a friend-and-relation is, whether you want him or whether you don`t"


"married to the greatest guy in the world and have babies  daisy and chloe "



"Diesel Fitter"











"aspiring midwife married to a mortician. unschooling mama currently baking bun #4, due spring, UP/UC. "
"Jump into my nightmare, the water is warm!"

"I am an Associate Professor in Communication Studies at James Madison University."


"Diseño en 3d, rendering, animaciones en 2d y 3d, imagen, presentaciones."
"I Like to have fun and make people smile..-as real as its gonna get #TeamFollowBack"
"Meet me the one and only !!"





"Decifra-me, mas não conclua. Eu posso te surpreender. (Clarice Lispector) S.F.C s2 @EwertonRocha2 meu amor s2"

"Mahasiswa, FITB ITB. Memilih untuk membaca & nonton jika tidak sedang disibukkan kuliah. Other intersets: sports, history, movies & tv series, manga & anime."




"MC NSFW 18+ Unique individual & sociable. Here to live, love & laugh. All which occurs here is the real deal. Come join the fun. :D"

多趣味なサラリーウーマンですﾍ(ﾟ∀ﾟﾍ)お料理と椎名林檎と宝塚（特に月組）が好きです～　鍵付きですが、お気軽にリクエストください♪



"Social worker so therefore poor&  overworked"



"Absolutamente apaixonada por boa música."

"Not-so-well-known LPer on YouTube. Enjoyer of games like Forsaken World, Toontown and other stuff."


"love my family and friends, love sport (watching not playing!!! )  Manchester United and Warrington Wolves are my football and rugby teams xx "
"Serge Laplante, journaliste à la recherche au Journal de Montréal, mais en poste à l`Assemblée nationale, histoire de mêler tout le monde."

http://chemie.tumblr.com/








"BComm and Event Planner Pin me 23A137AA for Corporate and/or Social events.  Travelling and Music heals my soul for reals :)"

"Independent web software developer and general computer nerd"












" Pois o que você ouve e vê depende do lugar em que se coloca, como depende também de quem você é. C.S. Lewis"

"The Spooks Who STILL Sit By The Door"
"whats up 27 years old 3 babies and loving ever moment of being a mother to them. so if u like what u are reading go ahead an hit me up"




"A woman with a heart of gold, a will of iron, and the glitter of a thousand diamonds. Bold, beautiful and compassionate - that`s me!"



"#foreveralone, chata, bipolar, doidinha, mais que no fundo, no fundo ér mt lecaal*-*, bob esponja, rock, doritos&coca. follow-me? não mordo, só se vs pedir (6`"


"Mrs. Dermawan::A woman who loved her husband::A simple woman,,but not easy to predict what will i do..."

"Glee. Spring Awakening. Wicked. Zombie Prom. Bare. #teamcapslock owns your soul. I also co-run nayarivera.net and amberriley.net and ushkowitz.net."

"Online and Development Editor - Østlendingen www.ostlendingen.no"

"I produce the BEST RV PRICES nationwide! If you wanna DEAL and are looking to buy, sell or just have a question TWEET me up!"

"Retired lawyer / bon vivant"





"Director of Product Strategy for TLC Denver, a software company serving libraries of all sizes around the world"






"I don`t like Germs=I don`t like You=Germs are a Problem=You are a Problem... :) "


"Im a Londoner from gypsy stock, an ex member of the East Kent Communist Party for which the CIA has never forgiven me. Who else should be running the TRIBE?"

"CEO of transcription and translation agency"
Sophisticated/Classy/Mother

"@ Imperial College Business School, London"

"Retired Soldier"








"I have found the Best MLM ever and am sharing it with anybody who wants to make money!! Make $10k per month for only $10 buck and there is a FREE Trial!"
"I served in th police Deaprtment for 37 years and now retired"
"Amante da música"

"Working on becoming a better me...3 3"
"Pra falar a verdade, ainda não sei bem quem sou...."

"Mom of 4, FT RN, Loves anything Disney "












"LUTO OFICIAL POR 4 LONGOS ANOS"






"APAIXONADO PELO GALO!"
"It`s meeeeh dori! so follow me.. down the yellow brick road! :D"

"#hipster for life ▲ hahaha i love to laugh ✞"



"Informatico, un soñador constante, enamorado de ella"
" @BelGarner @notmyselfhere"
"Web enthusiastic, wait I`m enthusiastic about everything! Currently working at Yahoo!"





"Jible is the never ending story. Be apart of the story at Jible.com"

"team lead dept. documents for bp whiting refinery"
"I cannot measure my love for boys, vodka, and cake."

"ORACLE E-Business R12 Techie"
awesome


"if there`s anything you wanna know, just ask me :)"








"A College student already 2 years into getting an AA degree in CIS and than going on to getting my Batchelor`s degree in CIS"

"En el proceso natural, de Carbón a Diamante!"



"Game Tron Games"





awesomestt:)




"retired from Bethlehem Steel, Murray State wife Diane, son Mike Swift & daughter Aimee Swift Daughter in law Emma Swift. Two sweet grand daughters, Ella,& Ruby."

"não me followem. eu só twitto besteira"

Researcher/Writer

"shy and supportive"


"nato ad abbiategrasso, sono medico geriatra, amo la musica rock, leggere, viaggiare, la natura"
"Just an average joe with a lifelong dedication to people in need. "
"we are a new clothing line from los angeles. follow us! ;)"





"Fun, Spontaneous... "

"QAP total"


"Internet Marketer/Full-Time Online/CPA Expert"


S(Aint)









"I`m a singer/songwriter with message that Jesus Christ will soon return! And praying you are ready...Murphy"











"~Be the change you wish to see in the world~"

"Sou Brasileiro, moro em Natal-RN, faço faculdade de Enfermagem, nasci e me criei em uma cidadezinha de interior, amo minha cidade natal, sou legal."
BORING
"Only the strong survive"
"Adoro fazer novos amigos e falar sobre tecnologia. Conhecer gente nova e ser feliz!!! "




"Amatuer Photographer, Chemical & Environmental Engineer"





"Husband, father, Republican, aspiring photographer, poker player, and “Guitar Hero”…not necessarily in that order ;-)"

"Creativo, Reactivo, Antiguo y Definitivo. Los siguientes echos son sencillamente reales o ficticios."


"South Padre Island Realtor"
"Im aproffesional basketball player...im the starting fowar for the caviliers"





"au moins un nouveau pays chaque année."

"swing trader"





"A web portal that helps parents and guardians become more informed, involved, and in sync with everything going on in their children`s school! "


"recent Zag alum, always a zag for life. I have more fun than the average person :-) "



"Totally rad"
"Periodista y correctora de estilo. Amante de los viajes, el periodismo, la política, la música y las letras. "

"i M nIcE, lOVINg, fRIeNDLy, aTTItude loVINg, fatitHFUll, tRUsty, aMBItiouS bOy"


"Wir twittern über aktuelle Trends im Bereich Lokale Suche, Mobile Apps, Social Media und informieren Euch über Gewinnspiele, freie Stellen und neue Partner."

"mac addict   personal trainer   photographer"

"Development Director for the SE Region of Keller Williams"
"I am a simple girl,. i love my family,especially my mom,. i`m moeslem, i love music, especially k-pop,, and i`m a elf,vip,hottest and many more..... 8P"
"Mad Scientist "















"enjoys polaroid and a good laugh"


オーロラ研究のため2002年に遥々瑞典に来ました。今は土星の輪やオーロラの研究も。一児母。



"I am he, as you are me, and we are he, and we are all together."






"A human being. Just like you."


"Sick of long long day works ? STRESS ? Follow me!"







"Musico, cantor e compositor gravando segundo cd, além de professor de musica!"


"17, love Skillet, softball, and music. Dream is to be photographer for a band 3"
"Professor, Teólogo,Analista, colunista. Saudacão  shema Israel Adonai eloheinu Adonai Ehad. "







"Mais um sorriso no mundo."
"Just doing my best to follow God and be the best I can be at everything I do.  That`s the only way to go."


"vj n motiongraphics team based in tokyo."

"A Lover and A Fighter"



"Estudante de fisioterapia, virginiana e corinthiana"



"History student, gamer, all around awesome lady."




"Graphic Designer/Producer/Web Site Designer www.mrtomharbin.com www.blezard.com www.maximumprowrestling.ca"
"*Insert Bio later* "
"Ihr Onlineshop für Hörbücher, Hörspiele & Mehr"










"Plein feu sur le domaining français. Retrouvez nos Ndd sur Mactuel.tel Domaining.tel Avocat-Paris.tel"
"Rugby Rugby and more Rugby"




"I tweet about video games, coffee, anime, video games, Japan, life, and video games in my spare time. Longer rants end up on my blog (sometimes)."


"Villa Montanaro, a new community of luxury with majestic views of Mount Diablo, is located in the picturesque Pleasant Hill, just off Interstate 680."



"gday im daniel king i have a wonderful girlfriend and play alot of basketball. i work at winemaking tasmania but am keeping my job options open."


"The National Museum of Women in the Arts is the only museum in the world dedicated exclusively to recognizing the contributions of women artists."









"BEAUTIFUL WOMAN!!!!"


"Husband is a crop duster, I`m the business mgr. I get to work from home! We have 2 daughters, 21 and 19, both attend Texas Tech University!"




"total random and weirdness. gotta love it right? so lost"









manzanita





"18.sophomore.nccu 14` #teamHTC #teamlightskin #teamvirgo #teamsingle turning my dreams into reality"

"Independent Scentsy Consultant/ Massage Therapist"




"Just a tired & pissed off old fart in Hawaii!"

"Human Resources Professional, SCORE Counselor, In Demand Presenter of Various HR Topics "



















"I`d really rather read tweets than create them.  For whatever reason, I am very interested in what you`re doing : )"


"Seu site brasileiro sobre Nintendo e parceiro oficial da @BrasilGameShow 2011"

"Dedicated To Bringing Wonderful Expensive Things For Free To the people"
"Proud DAD of three wonderful boys. Just want to do the right thing this time around."
"Hottest Independent Record Label out of Shreveport, LA, known for classic hits like \"Lock Up\", \"Pass Me Sum Water\", \"J Walk\" and M"










"Funk is its own reward"

"Stay at home mom to 3 crazy boys who lives out west but longs for the South."



"Blue skies and Open roads"



"Master Naturalist, Natural Area Guardian, CoCoRaHS Observer, Volunteer Wildland Fire Fighter . . . oh, yeah, and Graphic Artist"

"KOTBE at you`re service -_-"

"Author of The Charm Tree: Book One of the Shansymoon Series—a fantasy novel for children. I also write poetry for children and adults. "
" Soy Andrea! Escribo lo que pienso, a veces me paso. Voy por la vida tomando lo bueno escupiendo lo malo. Soon i`m gonna be a jedi #StarWars (:"

"dreams of travelling around the world"




"Active rugby player with ambissions lol watever that means..."












"저는 2NE1 박봄 광팬인 한 학생 입니다. 심심해요 좀 놀아주세요. I like 2NE1 BOM the best. Can anyone play with me???  "

"I am the assistant pastor of the Oroville Rescue Mission"



"Four loves: Sue, photography (mainly wildlife), travel, people."


"follow me && ill follow bac pinky swear ;)) ... ٥ﻻ ﻉ√٥ﺎ ٱц #teamkhalifa  #teamiloveyouu #teamcuffed! #teamFOLLOWBACK http://www.facebook.com/MiyahLovessyou"

"I like to pretend I can do magic spells like Harry ..."




"Filmanthropist, Declarationist"
"I look after nice record companies at @ppluk, hang with my @split_records posse, jam with @venusinfaux and @bearcraftmusic and drink lots of gin"






"writer. editor. photographer. talking film, fashion, food allergies, french bulldogs, fonts - and those are just the f-words. Official photog #BlogHer11"

"Ello. ^~^ This is Azukura Bella De Hyuuran! X3 [Not rl name] >:3 I`m a GOTH! X3 WOO!"






"You better lose yourself in the music ♪"
"Taylor gang needs your du wop right now where you at"

"KV_Productions. One Dream, One Reality. Don`t ask for permission, just ask for forgiveness. GOD IS GOOD."
"hi im kiah, i like music, drawing, reading, games, the supernatural, and alot of other stuff... but dont remember until someone brings up the subject."
"Proud Dad, business advisor, accountant, payroll outsourcing specialist, technology evangelist and self confessed gadget nut!  "

"hello i`m beth^o^       i love my friends;music and weeeeekends!"

cookie?



"Soy el director de la Fundación Comparte, ONG cuya misión es apoyar la educación de calidad para los niños más desfavoridos de América Latina"




"Husband.Father.Author.HUGE ISU Cyclone Fan.Master Implementer.YOUR Lender For Life.The #1 Expert for Mortgage Lending in Central Iowa. Are you on Empire Avenue?"
"Im Riley, I recently learned that boys are so not worth it, just rock the single life, all you need is your friends and family to support you and love you"

"I Just Am and its Good"



plolo


"And finally there is the fourth category, the rarest, the category of people who live in the imaginary eyes of those who are not present. They are the dreamers."

"I am a Reverse Mortgage Specialist"







"Hello:) my name is sofia but call me Sofiee i love in albuquerque n i love to meet new ppl so follow me yo! "


"Marilyn Henigman (SearchWise) has been working as an employment counsellor in Victoria since 1998. Her passion is assisting people to find rewarding employment."

"runner, cyclist, swimmer and therefore triathlete - need to surf and snowboard more though ..."



"artistic soul inside a procrastanating mind inside a mere human body... still trying to figure out what the end result is gonna be :P "


dreamingggg.




"mineral makeup"




"^_^ I`m me... *smiles*"






"Sou cabeça feita, não jogo conversa fora - como disse Jackson do Pandeiro"




"Praticamente inofensivo."








"Spend a day living my life and I guarantee you wouldn`t make it out without being on some type of medication!"


"Living in the land of Don Quixote"






"Innovations & Dev Mgr at Outsourcery, leading a team of talented developers in Microsoft technologies."



"............ (follow to find out) :)"



" tudo posso naquele que me fortalece . "
"I`m currently in the U.S. Army. "



"one day I realized that It wasn`t worth, that life was beautiful"

"NOWHERE BLOSSOMS"



"I’m a 24 year old mother of two I currently go to school for Social Work.  I like to have fun and party but there’s a time and a place for everything =)"
"石垣島生まれ八重山育ち。悪そなヤツはだいたい非友達。 お腹ポッコリ&薄ハゲの32才♂です。"







"All the latest news, results and fixtures from the British Speedway scene. Elite, Premier and National Leagues, plus the Super7even series"




"Hard Rock Cafe shot collector, traveler, IT geek"
"Gourmet granola made by hand with the finest ingredients right in North Vancouver"

"Life`s more painless, for the brainless. "
"21 anos, locutora. Deixando a vida me guiar."
eeeeeeeeeeeeee!


"you can have twitter in japanese? my life is complete."





"I`m a BIG @JohnCena @WWE & @Chivas fan!! I 3 baking & cooking and also I LOVE MuSiC!! "







"I`m JuSt Me!!!"

"Terapia Floral On-line"





"Electrical Engineer, if you want to know anymore about me, ask me by PM...!!!"

"Gauche na vida. "

lecturer....
"22 years old, majoring in CS at @Carleton_U. Love hockey, golf, tennis, running, and technology. Normal on the outside, n3rd on the inside."





"CV3 Kid/Radio Dj/NTU Student/Iron Man"
" A social worker in the Child Welfare Field"

"hey its ur qirl shana (shay-na) aka babyshay.puertorican and italian.bday jul 23 18 yrs yunq."








"A 20 year old steel worker. Likes jdm cars."






"Up n Cumin Rapper everyday i wrk hard at gettin better, i feel like i jus need to meet da right ppl so we can make $,Focus on make`n a better life for me n mynz"


"Wonder-er, wanderer, writer: The Color of Lost Rooms, Leaving Gee`s Bend, Don`t Feed the Boy (2012)."

"I hate green fat sumos. And ninjas. But I know how to kick them."


"Helping people change their lives one person at a time!"



"Let it flow.... and Allah will give the best ☺ "



"Publishing professional. Been an editor, marketer and IT / web director. Currently doing online marketing, ecommerce and landing page testing.  "

"The IT and Process Consulting People"
"PowerPoint Ministries is the media ministry of Pastor Jack Graham. Our purpose is to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ."
"No vivamos las mentiras... Baby RN! "

"alles kan kapot"

"President of Mount Mercy University"



"Born not to be like you and to do amazings things !"

"One of these things is not like the other."



"Hey you i spend most of my time movies nipple peircings did i say the beach c what you like more above"

"I like Pirates and Toast"


"i like to go out with friends chill with the homies dont like fake ass people and anything else just ask"




"Helping nonprofits earn a percentage of nearly any online purchase because we-care. "
"Do you know how to internet?"
"Poems about anything you want in 10 minutes or less!"





"Desainer for ,(battlecomets,scissorsapparel,memorymind,convenienceconvection)"
"being an independent woman"





"My name is Stormie...cheerleading.....my sis brittany who is kikibebi....anything else ask me...."
www.ktmai.webs.com

"Your indie news and records!"
"Skateboarding shop and goods in Chi-city. New location grand opening COMING SOON."


"Real Estate Marketing and Communications professional based in Hong Kong and liker of rugby and Boxer dogs...."


"Results are what count!"
"If your reading this you know more than enough about me already........."
"I`m a sixth grade teacher for the Carden Academy of Stockton.  I studied Mechanical Engineering and Physics at the University of the Pacific."




"I`ve found the person I`m going to spend forever with!"
"Political Science major, Media Analysis minor at ASU.  Conservative. Born and raised in California. "






















"It`s a game (sometimes a shame)  to live in China."

"NZ Music Promo for 4AD Rough Trade XL Matador Lil Chief and other super NZ folk."
"Loving life!"







"✔ Biomédica que aprecia a leitura, a escrita e o melhor da vida."


"You are your hero."
"I love Janie and hot guyz and mmhmm:P  Youtube Channel: Schpunk1"


"die hard wrestling fan, who brings the facts hard and fast, to keep you all posted on whats going on"






"I am a metaphysically inclined author, social-emotional intelligence consultant, and speaker who wants to save the world, one child at a time."

"Water Energy Savings in Commercial buildings, Hotels & Hospitals. Legionella control & prevention. Environmental consultant engineering water treatment sol."





"Just a mum doing my best, wishing oz was not so far from the states.  Enjoy keeping up with what is happening with the rich and famous."








"Internet Niche marketer who loves meeting and helping people"

"Global digital agency network. Tweets brought to you by @shystie"

"Actress, Singer, women, Dreamer, Person"







"WORKING FOR MY CROWN"

"im just a young professional with a simple life.."
"Professional Makeup Artist & Marketing Major"










" Lorry Driver,and keen Cyclist and love doing the Sportives  to test myself and raise money for Charity."


"father, geek, boozer, gabber"


"Music Is My Life & also pays my bills. My Dogs, My Love, My Family, Hikes, My Motorcycle & VODKA! I have Mouse Ears in my wallet but these opinions are MINE!"



"An American by blood and European by spirit. I live between London and Rome and am building The Longest Stay, where hospitality, design and the internet fuse!"










"Orgullosamente Mexicano. Guerrero de corazon y critico por conviccion. Publicista"



"Brick/Mortar or Web Business - BXB Media will help you build a powerful online presence, that will create leads and make you money. With tools ANYONE can use!"




"Artist, Father, Graphic Designer"

"Cub Scout Pack 323 was founded in Hollis Center, Maine in 1978. In the last 2 years we have seen substantial growth in our pack with approximately 30 boys."
"Buying or Selling Your Halifax Home Just Got a Whole Lot Easier!"
"Hanako`s CAFE　店主 primo piattoとDartsのお店  こよなくSKIを愛していますが 滑走日数は減るばかり。"
"YourTalents=MyEntertainment. ;) Babysitting= MYLIFE. Art&Music=MyPASSIONS. MyTwin=MYBESTFRIEND."



"Black Rapper with insane beatboxing skillz. Ya dig?"
"Newly divorced, 59, work with MR/DD"

"Happily Married. Two Kids. Medical Assistant."


"Lonely robot in a wasteland."












logy

"im from santiago. live in shittsburgh. follow me cuz youre cool. yeah. :]"










"It`s all sunny in my head!"
"Bem sou a Bruna...mas algumas pessoas me conhecem como Brisa."

"i keeps it real"

"lets have a shag bloke"
"Snr. Producer at Irie FM"

"Guitarist/Frisbee Player"




ゲーム会社でグラフィックデザイナーをしてます。映画、アニメが大好きです♪



"Web-Club is a social networking forum dedicated to top Romanian web players interested in sharing and learning about the practical applications of Internet."

"I`m just a nerd, you know what I mean?"





"Austin`s finest WeddingDay Magazine"

"A whole lot of fringe and not much else. "
"Live. Laugh. Love"



"A simply complex and unique individual"
"tra la la"


"Hi cutie i love fun times dancing with but mostly going to carnivals more on my bio link"





"don`t worry about nothing when you are beside me"

"I`m complicated!"





"Sam`s Mom!"
"Dr of Chiropractic with special interest in Paediatrics, Neurology and Family Health"


"Poresia Weekend Golfer"

"Just Because You Can, Doesn`t Mean You Should."

"More then an picture, more then words, I am heaven sent. I am da real thng!"

"Jonalista,profissional de marketing, promoter de eventos,... Ex manequim,ex circense,ex recreadora, ex maquiadora artistica..."

"I could be ur worst nightmare"













"i`m in process of searching myself"




"i know my words...i know my facts...i know myself...i accept myself!"
"Don`t be so quick to judge me. You only see what I choose to show you..."

"hotter than a skillet ;) #justsayin :D oh & you can frequently catch me blasting justin bieber in my car ;))"

http://www.paybox.me/r/jaysayoo

"Live.Love.Laugh. Carpe Diem "



"I am a mom of three.  I am a  personal care aide.  I am a correspondent for Messenger.  I do art and write in spare time.   "






"Sou modelo, atriz, cantora e apresentadora de programa infantil. Além de linda e loira."
"Make A Life, Not Merely A Living"



"Environmentalist/World Traveler"
"Best Couple Ever? Yes."

"Mom. Chef. Maid. Dragonslayer."







"looking to change the world, one tweet at a time"







"-I`m a mother to a beautiful little girl, Haelee LeAnn McKinney. -I`m a girlfriend to an amazing boyfriend, Frank Green."







"a decent mother, marketer and aging soccer player with an odd sense of humour"
"Alright, here I am, jumping on the bandwagon.  "
















"I`m just a regular musician/performer in the O.N.E. #FollowMe and I promise you will get an #InstantFollowBack. Ya Already Kno!!"
" "


"Strategy and client service - it`s all about integrity and the experience - semper avanti - always move forward"



"Antichavizta 100%"


"Dublin, Football, St Pats, Inchicore, Funny Stuff, Days that dont begin with MON, Match day, Friday`s, Buses, Coaching, Working, And doing it all again"








"Father, husband, entrepreneur, dreamer, friend"

"Eigenaar van UniBanner BV. specialist in grootformaat printen en Interpit in en export van elektro voertuigen en tuin en park machines. "


"i have no idea where 2 begin"
"still a student... what else, ever loving son!"






"i Love Jesus"






"Birmingham City Students` Union exists to act on our members’ voices and cultivate vibrant and united communities for better student life."


"Futures and options trader dealing with the tribulations of Greenspan`s bubbles. "
"birth 2/17/1991"


"Communication expert, Vienna, Austria, ICT, Electronic and Independent Music, Cinema, Outdoor sports enthusiast, Unit Director at Grayling. Views are my own."

"One Love... I Love My Life..."



"I LOVE LIFE♥ & I DNT TAKE SHIT FRM NO ONE!"










"Estudiante de Ingeniería en Turismo con aspiraciones a ser turista profesional, amo la naturaleza, partuzera, patinadora y chuncha de corazón!"



"Finished degree at Lincoln Uni, now startin to live the dream!!!"

"ice cream eater :p"

"Texas` Lagest Surf and Skate Shop"

"29 voltas ao redor do sol. um quê de woody allen. publicitário. mestrando em comunicação. café e coca cola. tudo de canela. e cerveja nao há de faltar :)"



"Quem são vcs? Aqui ñ dá p/escrever nada,então vc vai me conhecer a cada tweet...O prazer foi todo seu."












"graphic designer, aspiring farmer, foodie, music enthusiast, NPR-junkie, all-around nerd."

"Fotografo. "
"\" The person that talks while i`m talking is getting shot!\"...\"please believe it\""






Future-gazer




"Acontece que Deus decidiu que nenhum amor nesse mundo seria todo impossível, nem mesmo o do Sol e a Lua."








"SoU MeLhOr Do QuE aS pEsSoAs PeNsAm E PiOr dO Q ELaS ImAgInAm Ok!!!!"

"Assistant Professor of writing, rhetoric (emphasis on medieval version) and new media--and yes, there is a connection!"

"Il y a des excuses futiles et d’autres qui comptent. Des idées m DM please"
"bunny energizer"

"being artist"
"Nature, Real Estate & Love..Life is too short not to experience it all.."
"I`m a golf playing, spa going, world traveling,macaroni and cheese loving haute mama"


"Video Tutorials from Tutostube is one of the  best video-tutorials sites . We specialize in short-form original content. Follow us http://tutostube.com"
"A soccer mom, medical assistant, sports fanatic, writer who will pick the comedy over romance any day.  "


"Radioactive is a new rock covers band in Swindon, Wiltshire."
"I live in the Last Best Place-Door County, WI. I help people buy and sell homes--to achieve their dream of a Door County home, or their goal of a Sold sign."









"Bring you the sexiest themes on the PS3 and the hottest gamer pics on the XBOX 360 - http://www.konsolekingz.com/gamerpics"

"Me llamo Vale :B soy de Stgo. Chile, y ... soy demaciado Feliz xd no se que poner  ° u °"
"Provide home care to seniors and others who wish to maintain independence. Like us on Facebook, http://on.fb.me/90evCS.   "








"Con las manos sucias de RGB"




"Producer of DTMD. "





二児のパパ。ポケモンカードゲーム好き。



"Livin the Dream"

"A Global Service Provider: Apparel Production, Sourcing, Distribution"














1982年12月生まれ。愛知県安城市出身。高校までを愛知県、大学から兵庫県西宮市へ行き、東京で就職。仕事は広告のWEB分野。夢はLAで永住すること。趣味はミーハーで、サーフィン、ゴルフ、ヴァイオリンなどどれも南アフリカ並みな発展途上中。昔キックボクシング、カポエイラなんてことも。


"Today`s business thinks green and globally - as do their employees. At Frogshire we believe all future successful businesses will have green professionals."


"Family. Friends. Cycling. Tennis. Belvoir Elderflower. Love them all!"






"I am petitioning to run for Boulder City Council"

"I`m not a businessman, I`m a business, man"
"Reporter for the @WallStLetter. @Marist graduate. New Yorker. History lover. Social media enthusiast. Ginge.  "






"It grows, I paint, earth`s beauty. Fine art originals, high quality prints, cards, and gifts"

"husband, father, teacher, leader of men... all in the name of Christ"
"My mind is like a Waterworld. I live fast and impatient, when i slow down it`s only to discover my next goal :)"




"Singel Self Employeed Massage Therapist trying to make my way in the world."




"One world was not enough for two, like me and you."








"slowly building my reputation for ARThritis"



"The San Francisco Bay Area`s Filk Convention Held the first weekend of every March. Currently held at the Newark/Fremont Hilton."







"Oooommmm... We are in trance now. Please do not disturb, performance calculation in progress...."
"THE DANCE CAPITAL is a nonprofit dance institution dedicated to artistic excellence in dance instruction and health awareness. "






"Eerst Elsevier."









"IM A BLESSED WOMAN OF GOD AND IM SAVED AND IM LOVIN IT CAUSE IM BUILT TO LAST"






"Australian Boutique Fashion Label"



"Nerd. Fã de Beatles e Star Wars. Jogador de Guitar Hero. Estudante do curso de Direito da UFRN. Desistente do curso de Arquitetura e Urbanismo da UFRN."

"Clinical Massage Therapist, CranioSacral therapist"





"Stumbling through life hoping to learn to love until the day I die."










"QA Lead / Automation Engineer"







"Sifu Lee Jacobs is transforming the world of learning with a life-long commitment to the personal growth of others. A skilled Wing Tsun Kung Fu teacher. "




"Urban Art Network is an organization dedicated to creating a thriving arts culture for independent artists in the Portland, Oregon area."



"(Scratching her head) Linda says:\"I am sooo confused\""
"soy una princesa"









"Professora, lunática, filósofa, sonhadora....!!!"



666.



"I am the way I am because of You and everyone you have set before me! Check out my site, www.onearmkid.com and tell me your story."






"my name is alex, i live the best life possible."

"Marketing/PR/Casting Director #TeamCancer #GoGetter Currently working @ Tyler Perry Studios & repping artist/actors/athletes"
"Central NY Wedding photographer, world traveler and dog lover!"





"What do i have to do ? "


"Race car driver...photographer...engineer...awesome."


"Still looking for something..."




"We are a small store dedicated to providing cheap OE autoparts..."




"Managing Partner - Fivestar Hospitality"


"bunnies = kittens"







"Love...Who YOU are...What YOU have...Your friends & family & never stop Loving!"




"Just Living Life Like It Should Be Lived, With A Smile & An Occasional Shoulder Shrug. My Tweets Are Diverse, As Am I. Hopefully, We Can Connect! "
"I like hats me"
"Web Developer & Graphic Artist"
"Life Easy, Die Hard"










"MS Excel developer & trainer"













"Laught out lound!"
"An Academic, Columnist, Talkshow Host and Cantonese"













"Don`t conform to the ways of others to fit in: Being u is always better than being what others want u to be."
"The biggest leisure, sports and entertainment complex in South West of Scotland. "

"I love music"



"Wonderful(fan of WonderGirls) 원더풀(원더걸스의 팬) 소개는 거창하게 원더풀. 현실은 잉여녀"



"Freelance web designer, with a dash of graphic design"


"100% HUMAN BEING!..."
"I am intrigued by what contributes to the societal images today.  I work for Microsoft and strive to use knowledge & creativity to drive innovation & change."









"Everything happens for a reason is no reason not to ask myself if I`m living it right. "



"Let It Be."
"O SURF COMO ESTILO DE VIDA NO QUINTAL DE CASA - THE SURFING LIFESTYLE AT MY BACKYARD"
"Husbamd, Father, Author. "
"ninguém tem nada com isso, a vida é minha e faço o que eu quiser! ♫"

"21st century girl. i`d rather be in love than fight, i`m a lover not a fighter."

"i came. i saw...and i guess i can stay for a sec."
"Tap Your Group Of Friends!"







"#Splash, Ms`Mg, Recording Artist. Hooper / http://www.youtube.com/user/OfficialKiddGyma ✔Verified Official Page ✔ Twitter Certified"
"Just bein me "




"Production(Dancehall,Reggae,Rap) http://www.facebook.com/creepaproduction  http://www.reverbnation.com/creepallc  "







"the official koo hye sun twitter page ^_^"


"Living and working in the city of brotherly love"


"Married father of three.  Attorney "
"on my way, just make my dream happen.!!"
"Tech student with a strong interest in medicine. Geek, spaz & relentless pedant. Loyal partner to @enigmaanonymous <3"
"California gurls"



"I am currently an intern in Callan Park Festival ^^"
"Technologist, Engineer, Dad, portland resident"
"Im just a girl with a sugar coated personality and Im just on the search for a bestfriend"




"CEO at mathematica.gr - one of the largest math portals online, interested in finance & politics, passionate for music & life, electrical engineering student"


"I twitt you not!"



"Hello Young World.!!"






"Just Shirley"



"Fashion&Custom Bridal Designer; Style&Image Consultant to some of your favs!,Adjunct Professor of Fashion Design..fashion fashion all things fashion!"



"I play volleyball and Basketball #35 3"








"The doors are now open. Get a free custom website when you sign up for our hosting plan"
"Love music. Always with my ipod. Love hip-hop, Japanese music, rock, game music, just whatever. Live in crazy Arkansas. 23, regular guy. Just me, ask away. "
"Single, Male, 15 going on 16 in December, I am the one on the right of my pic.. ;)"



"heyy its kyra "


"Integrantes: Filipe Lima, Naiça Mel, Natalia Quiroga, Gabriel Moraes, Amaro Vaz, Paulinho Góes e Pedro Herminio  no melhor do Jamiroquai"

"There`s not much, just the lived. Whithout a dream, there`s no reason to breathe. "










"mãe do claudio, risonha, webmaster e bloggueira."






"Blowing brains since 1985"

"Periodista. Vivo indignada con la raza humana. Muy loca pero muy divertida. Me aburro con facilidad, por eso me gusta cambiar constantemente."


"Maintaining computer systems can be a complex thing.  NetCare keeps it simple."
"Lover of: Hello Kitty   Howard Stern   People watching    food   cocktails   shoes   summer dresses   #Naturalhair   Dexter   apple products   photography"





"I just broke up with i enjoy taking pics meeting computer guys did i say seafood more info on my personal site"






"Be Where You Are"



"My name is Loran. "
"A real scorpio in every sense of the word... :-). XanGo, Glimpse, MLM, Network Marketing, Lifestyle, Wellness, Business, Belgium"


"a vdd é q sou intensa d+.Sofro dores q ñ são minhas.Vibro com alegrias que ñ me pertencem.O bom de tudo é que,toda noite antes de dormir,eu oro.E sempre sorrio."









"I am a student of curanderismo, the ancient science of plant spirit medicine.  Recently I started the Ayahuasca Foundation, to help preserve the sacred wisdom"



"❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔Enjoying Life "
"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"




"Owner of 2 fansites about the amazing dancers Arthur Gourounlian, http://arthur-g.com & Jamie Karitzis, http://jamie-k.com"
"my name is michael most people call me mikey im new to twitter, but im here to meet some new people.  im 22 a very chill person..to know more just hit me up...."




"Computer Nerd, Army Reservist(also an army computer geek), demoscene follower"

"a poetic, nice, gay teenage boy"


"shit happens"


"Name: Jessica Elizabeth Heap Age: 15  School: Ashfield School I 3 my friends"



"Jorge Luis Soria.(24/02/1969). Me especializo en la formación de habilidades personales para el liderazgo, la comercialización y el marketing personal. "


猫を殺せば、七代祟る.
"Things of importance for me are family and friends, art, work and lupus, in that order.:"
"College girl. Social Work major. Daycare Assistant. Big Dreams from a Small Town.  "


"Human fireball. Co-Founder of @Knuckle_Rumbler. Team @GoddesandShe and @RockyKnuckles. @Do314 -er ...dreeeeamweaver..."
"biker, nutty, hardworking, love traveling, dreamer, girly-tomboy  "

Rustic.Modern.Tech.PseudoFuturist.BetterEcology.BetterPolitics.ImprovedHumanity.PotentialSingularitarian

Acting-Fashion-Justin-life
"Follow this account for geo-targeted Accounting job tweets in Greater Enfield, CT from TweetMyJOBS.com"
"Adotada pelo Nordeste, com muito orgulho! Bacharelanda em Direito.   "
";) "



"Account Executive of The Bump Pregnancy Resource Guide and TheBump.com!"






"Marketing services to busy small business owners and entrepreneurs who want to grow their business without spending a fortune on marketing. Love being outside!"



"Digital planner da Market Data. Amo cinema e fotografia."




"HBO - MAX "
"live laugh love, follow that and youll be happy para siempre :)"


"web 2.0, css, php, linux, hellfire marketing, music, heidi, ziegenpeter "





"Names Alex i like to dance have fun with friends and TEXT!!"






"Wife, mother, friend, artist, designer who loves to throw parties!"










"Roller Derby girl in training, movie & comic fangirl and online store owner!"
"Supreme Overlord Southerncrss of Shattered Halls PvP"

"Engineering Student, Child of God"
"Co-Founder/CTO. Son, Brother, Husband, Father,  Fan, Entreprenuer. Just a digital guy living in an digital world. Lead developer for http://twitrpix.com"





"the name is AshaBoo (: follow me if u like"
"Low cost digital print and design - instant online quoting"

"(Sports) Journalist in the making ! ~I rock~"





"I`m 25. I am a very motivated person. I love anything dealing being creative. I`m currently in school. I`m a hard working, loving indivual. "




"Been married for 27 yrs and I love being a wife and mother and a christian"
"Berusaha agar lebih baik di setiap harinya"









"Man van Anja,pa van 3 dochters en 2 schoonzonen, 1 kleinzoon, christen,t`diaconaat, Ggz verpleegkundige i/o,3D tekenaar, interest in you, en nog heel veel meer."
"Sabrina Chui Mei Man TV/Movie Actress, Commercial Model  Official Sabrina Man Twitter page.      I am the SWAG QUEEN 3"

"hey all names katz! im 18 years and enjoying life. don`t really know what this site is about so yeh just in here o have fun and meet new people! :P "





"Making the most of what life has to offer :) "
"Just La, a laid back Detroit Hockey gal!"




"Happy mommy and wifey. Loves shiny things and baby laughs. "

"Married to Anna & Father to Dani. I make videos when I am given the opportunity. I watch too many B-movies. :)"


"1993 Undefeated Auburn Tigers!!!"


"I am very happily married to the man of my dreams and best friend.."

"Peter dives deep into the ancient science of Ashtanga Yoga and enjoys teaching others about this life transforming practice.  He invites you to www.riscomar.com"



"Journalist, Photographer + Blogger :) I love news, swimming, triathlons, I`m mad about dogs and love cooking cupcakes -a big mixture of tweets coming your way!"



"im shawna "


"EDITOR // CAMERAMAN // GAMER // LIVING AT NIGHT"
"A man, a plan, a canal - Panama!"







"Radio Host, Productor de @EnJaqueRadio, Triz Group Multimedios (Mi bebé), trabajador incansable, soñador ... pin:269CA53B     "
"liven life to the fullist with no regrets"

"Edinburgh`s finest investigative Woman Police Constable."
"Smart, sassy, 100% honesty!! "












" gamer.... 14 yrs. old. like collecting MG Gundam Model Kits PSNID:pmc-raven"

"ya dig? like a shovel babii"


"I hate paying more when I can pay less. My only goal is to bring you savings, to never pay full price for anything again. Buy at the price YOU WANT it to be."




"Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die"
@masivers_bjb

"Exchange student from Beijing, China. Study at Southeast Missouti State University.Chinese major: Teaching Chinese as a Second Language.Major in the U.S.: PR"











"El camino del hombre recto esta por todos lados rodeado por las injusticias de los egoístas y la tiranía de los hombres malos. Bendito sea aquel pastor que ..."

"Love to travel!! My motto: Travel Better For Less!! :-)"
"A Robin about to hatch her first egg. =]"










"Complete Soccer Nut"
"New Home Builder in California"
"KATV Anchor"




フットサル、スノボは趣味です！アニメ、漫画も好きです



"Did I pass the acid test?  #foreverinlovewith @_Ponejo_ n.n.."
"I keep a dlog (dream log) here, so some of the stuff I post is fiction from my subconscious. Join the fun: https://twitter.com/#!/search/%23dlog"




jittery

"My entire life is a Brent-ism..especially of late. I`m a mommy, a wifey and still my own entity. Tryin` to have it all, ain`t no thang."



















"The F words:Fast,furious, funny and into females"








"I was a dreamer. I`m leaving my dream. And now, I`m making up what I messed."
"Redheaded crazy mama to two incredibly awesome kids. We have our own personal bodyguard, @hitman_bigA.   Together we`re Livin` the dream! "

"Strong Positive Beautiful Black Woman"








"Pai de três filhas, avô de Ana Luz. Minha esposa é meu PILAR!. Amo o meu trabalho e procuro aprender a cada dia. Minha frase favorita é CADA VEZ MELHOR !!!"


"I`m a college football fan, particularly Alabama, and a business owner"







"Web designer, programmer in ASP, Dot Net, Visual Foxpro, Visual Studio and many more..."
"Pinellas County Realtor (Charles Rutenberg Realty) & Mortgage Broker"


"I`m a 19 year old student from Manchester, UK.  I like electronics, programming, various kinds of weird music and I sort of have a thing for motorbikes too."






"im 17 and pretty cool. lol"


"11:11, make a wish"


"20 Jahre erfolgreicher Vertrieb von Software und Pharma- IT -Consulting. Trainer und Coach für Vertriebserfolg und Negotiation to win, erfolgreich verhandeln"



















"I am an award-winning marketing communications professional who loves art, interior design, food, travel, crafting and God!"

"Also check out my stupid videos on YouTube under SavTrouble."
"Absolutely loveing life at this moment in time, and praying it will forever stay that way. Currently studying Art & Design with such fabbulous people. Mwaah x  "












アトラスのゲームが大好き。ライドウにメロメロです！　ペルソナは我が心のゲーム。獣悪魔大好きのけもけもサマナー。ライドウの噂をすると、いつの間にか斜め後ろにいたりします。でも大丈夫、モミアゲは怖くない

"Proud member of the de Sade Squad."







"What can i tell... i love music and photography... and some crazy things too!!"

Andiamo!



"loves live music, the smell of a new book, strong coffee, and Tosh.O"
"Love the Life you Live..."
"Profissional do setor de Áudio e Vídeo, Músico católico (Violonista, Tecladista). Simplificando... um apaixonado por tecnologia e música!"
"Journalist, blogger, mom. Co-author with @holleeinbalance of upcoming Good Enough Is the New Perfect: Finding Happiness and Success in Modern Motherhood. "


"I`m young, goofy, and friendly. That`s all you need to know."


"God knows our secrets and our hearts, all are me, meaning I am a product of this, n viro ment"



"San Joaquín - Carabobo, 33 años, Signo Géminis Diseñador Gráfico, Fanático de Bjork y los autos Daewoo"
"Concurso de microcontos"




"Hi! I`m I.Q AKA Illusory Queen born 14th december looking for making something creative in my life, and dreaming to do it in Music..."

"Loving Life to the fullest"

"The mission of the National Spasmodic Torticollis Association is to provide support to everyone with Spasmodic Torticollis or \"Cervical Dystonia\""


"Everybody dies but not everybody lives"




3


"Yeah basiclly im a typical 17 yr old girl, made this cos i got bored with just myspace and bebo"
"Musician from houston, mainly guitar, and singing, for those who know me, im easy to get along with and never have a hard time listening :)."











"2L Student at DePaul Law in Chicago. Love my Buffalo Bills! No Matter what!"



"Ok Im new at this but here goes sometimes I like movies off roading did i mention doing the splits lets have some fun"
"Mad Scientist"
"blonde, dippy new mummy!"

"A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have"
















"For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. Rom 6:23 "







"This is Siax & Cia Entertainment. A company created by young people with enormous dreams! We hope that you like our projects =D"
"Tron here! I foren chane studen luv Amerca! Happy me, Tron!"









"Very NSFW, 18+ only. 23. Yorkshire guy in Newcastle. Shelfstacker, dirty tweeter, gay sexpert, clubber, rollercoaster junkie #teamvers #teamgay #teambigdick"






"It`s all about the technology."




"Career Coach who specializes in strategic networking, e-portfolios and creating customized digital dashboards for clients."
"I am Memphis Slim,, Blackhaven Brooks,,  Memphis Riverking,, Mr. Herb Garden and Co-CEO of T.C.V. Ent. and Founder of Father`s About Money Management Firm (FAM)"













"ser, existir e perceber o mundo."

"Don McClain has spent over 20 years in real estate finance and development. We are taking advantage of the greatest shift of wealth in decades right  now."


"Here to interact with good people and find truth and purpose"
"Check out how I lost a lot of weight doing this..."
"i love Justin Bieber :) :),7th of April= Never Say Never ! :) yeah man ! "


"pretty cool ass #LEONPHELPS #THELADIESMAN kinda dude! #Goofy #Random #Freak #Perv #ALTaylorGang #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #KCMO #INDIANA"
"No WO-man should have all that power"

"Business Writer. Marketing Specialist. One awesome midwestern chick. I`m also humble."

"Mother of three beautiful boys, faithful friend, successful businesswoman, blessed beyond my dreams!"




"is looking for something new -_-"






"cake maker and cake eater"



"The Prime Minister of Entertainment"








"Há mais de 20 anos no mercado, a GKL Cosméticos possui uma gama de produtos voltados à beleza e higiene pessoal."



"Señorita intelectual. Headstrong. Aquarius baby. South American. Big dreams, fancy things."

"Producer of Michael Feldman`s Whad`Ya Know? Drummer. Gadgeteer. Scared of spiders and... well, spiders covers it."
"I am ridiculously stupid. I`ll do anything for a laugh. You won`t forget me. :)"




"Coder and Writer of Flash Fiction, Poetry and the Odd Witticism"


"Interested in enhancing user experience through improving usability and accessibility of online content."

"sometimes sweet http://vkontakte.ru/ksenia.rabinovich"

"I am a voracious reader."



自転車が事故で大破！ロード物色中！
reading&playing
"What now I have to give my life story to just anyone? If you know me you know already."
"Atualmente, estudante de Fonoaudiologia na UFPB, bombeiro prof. civil fora de exercício, e Aux. Adm. na Gestão de Políticas Públicas anti-drogas."

"www.facebook.com/reflectionsmn "





"I am a rock singer/songwriter/violinist from Australia , checkout my myspace, www.myspace.com/lucyinthesky061"


"Daughter, Mother, Auntie, Business Employee & Employer, 1st & 4most GOD`S CHILD!!"
"I use Twitter to follow companies and people that I enjoy"
"TicoSexo es una comunidad de gente liberal y sanos criterios sobre el sexo."




"I never give up on what I believe in. I also like pizza."




"Interior and Fashion Designer/Consultant based in NYC "

"Tampereen Sähkölaitoksen viestintäpäällikkö "


"Mingle, Shop, Be Pampered. "


"Amo ler, escrever, fotografias, Saga Crepúsculo, Edward e os Cullen...Sou Jornalista e trabalho em assessoria parlamentar! Amo minha vida!"





















"love and live like it`s your last chance..."
"Harley type kind of guy, what you see is what you get ! Biker, Father, Grandfather just a guy lol Im not as old as i my years ! Questions ? Ask me !! "
"Iowa State Alum `11 Accounting & Management Information Systems....Go State!"


"Katy, 18. I don`t have a clue how to use this!"
"Mi frase de cabecera:  Dios no te hubiera dado la capacidad de soñar sin haberte dado la capacidad de convertir tus sueños en realidad"



ナレーターとか漫画とかチョコとかやってます♪主に大好きな食べ物についてツイツイ。








"Attorney for business owners and entrepreneurs, writer on business and legal issues. Marathon runner, backpacker, kayaker, soccer player."

"not your average idiot"
"イラストレーターのあきまんです、よろしくお願いします。作品/スト２、∀ガンダムのキャラ、キングゲイナー、コードギアスのロボ等、その他書籍など http://goo.gl/U1si5　夏コミは3日目/西地区/あ-46a"


"Academic, teacher, photographer and general vagabond!"
"♡♥Getting Married to $$$$$♥♡"


"Ingeniero Catastral y Geodesta ...Felizmente Fanático del Chelsea F.C.!!!"

"Información y educación sobre mercados globales (y sobre como invertir en ellos maximizando retornos y minimizando riesgos)."
"Hey Peter Pan, it`s Wendy. Glad you took a chance to Fly With Me....."


"like u need to know all dat!!!! getting money and family , what else matters"



Webシステム会社で提案書書いたり見積もり作ったりスケジュール立てたり検証したりしてます。
"Help people create effective, authentic web presence using Open-source publishing platforms.Love simplicity in design, EFT, yoga, healing.."

"Foget the Bio,Forget the Haters.....Follow me I`ll follow back...Im a rapper in the Jangers and thats all you need to know!"

"Full service printing, screen printing, t-shirts, signs, embroidery"
"Analista desenvolvedor & Comunicólogo & publicitário."






"I AM 30 YEARS OLD I LIVE IN ORANGEFIELD,TX I AM MARRIED WITH TWO DAUGHTERS I WORK AT A CASINO AND HAVE MY OWN BUSINESS YTB"
"I like to golf lax hunt fish shoot stuff burn shit and i like girls"
"Providers of first class fly fishing adventures."
"Musician/songwriter currently A Member of the Omega playing ya best Gospel grooves Iam the realist bro on this Earth if you Into music Then we Are bros"







"Name? If you should know its Quintasia. Im in HighSchool young but a teenager.Thats all there is to know. "
"Woman, wife, mother, grandmother , sister, friend.. and daughter... of my Father. Pastor with my husband... "
"Espaço aberto para talentos de moda."
"Somos quem podemos ser,sonhos que podemos ter...♫"


"Lee University Alumni. Communicator. Lover. Motivator."







"I can`t tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like."

"love sports,toronto maple leafs, colts, AOTS, the office and working out. and im a 19 year old portuguese kid."
















"choose a car & name your price - that`s how we roll"
"I`m me, Do soemthin about it"


"Fashionable. Flirty. Fresh."








"I like to eat, drink and help Professional Businesses use Social Search to grow their endeavours."
"Often expressed as that of the stars in the sky, it is I:  L`Archer de!"














"Ow, I ran into my doorway. Again!"
"Living each day as if its my last...."

"loves God, writing, music, friends, family"


"My goal is to promote Leap Year Awareness and get the words LEAP YEAR DAY on the calendar every February 29th."
















"Original, non-bullshitter, classy, funny, level headed chick.  Diglyfe.com (tm)-living that Diglyfe~style"
"dancer, prancer and tiny ball of sparkle and magic"
















"best niqqa in the world"








"laied back bubbly girl.........Hard working and likes to go out 4 a laugh wid da gurls loves trey songz 2 BITS xxxx"

"Businessman and broadcaster"



"Retired Fire Captain"

"Estudiante universitario, melómano a morir, músico aficionado, borracho por vocación, fashion-victim autoproclamado, un loquillo de tomo y lomo."
"i love to make friends"

"im obsessed with television  the office, one tree hill, gleee  are the bessst"










"just a nite owl...."


"I see the world as a photograph. I think of the world as poetry."


"The Digital Influence Index from Fleishman-Hillard and Harris Interactive"

"Don`t just watch it, bet it. Get news, line alerts, and promotions at Brobury Sports. You deserve better!"







"Das Kölner Jugendkulturportal JukuKoeln.de! Hier twittert die Chefredaktion!"












"patriot, irregular, veteran (USN), NRA conservative,strict constitutionalist (originalist), tenther,  http://paper.li/auldarrow"





"-Music Ed Major at SU! -I LOVE Bowling, Tennis, Track, Minigolf, Shopping, the Beach, and all my awesome sisters, friends, and family :)"



"I am me..."
"Becoming addicted to Twitter.........my tweets are not always interesting!"


"Whatever you think is impossible is only impossible in your mind. We are all human beings trying our best, no one has the answer for you but you.- Kimberly K"








"Young, Gifted & Black"





"If I were you and you were me, then I would use your body to get to the top. You can`t stop me know matter who you are!"



Poet
"If only life was fictitious...  - Australian - Christian - Widow - Mother - Designer - Word Nerd - "
"Born and bred in Drogheda, Ireland now a sports journalist based in Preston, England."


"summer skies starry eyes i`m slowly starting to realize: i don`t know where i`m going; but half the fun of being done is not knowing how to get there."















"Step into my world.."



"jesus captivates me. potential intrigues me. passion inspires me. grace enthralls me. happiness consumes me. life energizes me. but its not about me."




"Mersin`in En Süper Sitesi!"


"fun crazie smart funny"





"IM A SINGLE MOTHER OF 3 AND IM DATING A WONDERFUL MAN. I LOVE SPENDING TIME WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY. MOST OF ALL I LOVE WATCHING MY KIDS PLAY SPORTS!!"


"Live life to the fullest"






"I love being outdoors and hanging with people from all walks of life. Ciao! "
"TMobile Customer Service Manager"
"Tweets about dragonboating and training."




"Kleptoemak a group of your hottest local music artist in the bayarea stealing the show from there hard work in the studio to there show on stage.."
"daughter,sister,student/teacher,friend, love to read, family,God,friend"


"Dream follower and risk taker"
"Ingeniero de Sistemas, Universidad del Valle Prom. 2001"

"Moderately insane librarian and road cyclist from New Hampshire living in exile in Ohio"

"#teammoneyright™ #teamboondocks™ #teamSCORPIO™ #teamiphone #teamspoiled™   #TeamGiggity™     "
"Loving ♥Tim♥. Working and studying which makes me a very busy woman. Also doing business in SEO & web design."








"A stereotypical geeky gamer, in nearly every sense."





"brown hair blue eyes two arms three legs and a beard"

"I`m a social misanthrope."



"Loving life just being me "

"Sci-Fi/Paranormal Romance Writer"

"仕事か家かLIVEかﾃﾞｨｽﾞﾆｰ行ってるか。「好き」と「興味ない」とたまに「嫌い」…で生きてる。そろそろ開いていこう。色々と。　FBY・LOW IQ 01・BDB・ｱｽﾊﾟﾗ・ﾌﾞﾗﾌ・RDM・ｷｭﾋﾞ・CBMD・ﾊﾞﾝｱﾊﾟ・ﾓｰｻﾑ・どうでしょう・ウサギ・もふもふ・お寺…スキー(´ω`)"
"I`m a third year Broadcast Journalism student, studying in Glamorgan University and I love it!!! I also volunteer at Bro Radio Station two days a week xxx"





"I`m random...that`s all you need to know..."








"Ken Freedman, Radio Station Manager, DJ, Red Sea Pedestrian, Self-Hating Atheist, Skier, Proud New Jerseyan and bubbling cauldron of rage."




"I am a multi award winning motivational speaker and educator in Mental Health. I also have bipolar disorder and am proud of it. I am humorous and passionate."
"Pose no threat when I enter ya sector regular, then I unveil as the villain.. oh sweat. "


"Making strides everyday to improve my life for my family."

"hoping for common sense in gov`t...don`t see it yet."





"Happy to a Republican. Sick people wanting something for nothing! There are only two races. The decent & the indecent. (Viktor Frankl)"



"Pairing People to Property"



"Public Relations, Social Media, Marketing, Kommunikation, Digital Relations, Online-PR: Hier twittern die Mitarbeiter der Hamburger PR-Agentur EYECANSEE"








"Chief Exploration Officer of Uncharted Journeys.  Creator of Life-Changing Adventures for Women.  World Traveler.  Hiker/Trekker/Climber.  Blogger.  Speaker.  "
"How the heck am I supposed to tell you about myself in less than 160 characters?"
"  "

"ＳＨＵＴ　ＵＰ　ＡＮＤ　ＥＮＪＯＹ　ＴＨＥ　ＭＵＳＩＣ！ ╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮"





"I am a networking back woods redneck"



"Like mercury rising to the top so selfishly . Magnetizing . Hypnotizing . Paralyzing . Addicted to my October Sky :)"




"Senior systems engineer"















"Co-owner and founder of DMI Productions. Lover of cocktails and wannabe stuntman!"




"I`m an otaku, a fandubber, a writer, an artist, and a performer :p"



"material de construção"

"English primary school assistant and web designer in Tenerife, Spain"
"20. Estudiante de Comunicación Social. Me quejo de todo y de nada y no se qué soy... Vivo en una burbuja rodeada de contaminación sonica y atmosférica."


"I`m a pretty fuckin cool person. From the D-Town born and raised."
"I`m me...No motives right now... #teamLondon #teamBowWow #BowWowNation #teamKhleo"









"Hello, i`m Asarina. just follow me if you want to know me, thankyou :)"


"I`m a gamer girl from Sweden. I write a small tech column for my local newspaper and finally signed up for Twitter after seeing everyone tweeting at GDC!"

"i am awesome"






"play guitar, do MMA"


"Funny and freaky writer jajaja. Christian. Creative."



"Um gajo muita fixe!"
"All about me : http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001805756826 "



"HUGE fan of the J-E-T-S, Mets, Knicks, St. John`s B-Ball and Rutgers Football"



"Publicitário, locutor, desenhista/ilustrator, e proprietário da agência de propaganda e marketing LUCIANO GOMES PRODUÇÕES."



"21 Y.O. Living and loving The purpose of life is a life of purpose #TeamRedskins #TeamDarkskinned  #Teamsingle "

"Curly: Favorite TV Show: Seinfeld Favorite sports teams: NBA: Pacers NCAAB: WV NFL: Steelers NCAAF: ND MLB: Reds NHL: Penguins"








"Engaged citizen, businessman, as amateur as athletes get. "

"I love singning, hanging W/ friends, and Remmy ( my horse!)."

"I`m a cherry shy."






"Executive Assistant; part time poet"




"15 female. likes to meet new ppl and hanging out. imma country girl and loveboth country and rock music"


"Born n raised in asia now living in england... Its sucks but life goes on."
"Apresentador de TV e Vídeos Institucionais, Locutor, Mestre de Cerimonias"










"I like to share boring details of my life with uninterested people."


"una voz en off.."


"A simple man with simple tastes!!"







"The number #1 source for tickets to festivals, events, clubs, live music and more!"






"I like chillin` with my friends and im an athletic girl im very social!;) and many more follow me!1"

"All the things wrong about you are the right things. Embrace the fact that you are one of a kind. "




"take me back to paris"






"神戸の端っこ、垂水てで一人打ち込みユニット「National Kid」として活動中。  サブカル大好き、メインカルチャーも大好き 要するに、面白いモノなら何でも好きな会社員です 誘われたらホイホイついていっちゃいます  そこんとこ4649機械犬  わんわん"
"Self-Proclaimed Architecture Student, Blue Ninja and Twitter Addict. In his spare time, Photos, Poetry, Paintings and Movies. Hard fighter for being a nice guy!"


"I`m a 6`4 model currently available for paid modeling/acting jobs. For booking information email bookinginfo@jordanleah.com"
"I work at The Humane Society of Utah...FINALLY doing what I LOVE"
"Wonderful life I live in ;)) Thx to Allah SWT   Believe that good attitude brings a good life.   taken by @nickyymty ♥"

"Follow the Team Langille Collab Team"






"I work as a Transport Supervisor for a large parcel company"


"I live for Buckeye football, Jackson Hole WY, friends and family, Maker`s Mark, and hilarity. You can pretend to be serious, but you can`t pretend to be witty."








"I`m a human with a tendency for sarcasm. Some people call me Shaggy. #notheydont Some people call me Testicle Woman. #itsalongstory #noitsnot #itsembarrassing "





"null"
"I am a proud parent of two beautiful kids and a wife to a wonderful husband.  I am outgoing!  I love going fishing, riding horses, Gotta love NASCAR!"


"Real Estate Broker with Windermere "


"The Group Horizon Million has teamed up with TriUnity International to create future millionaires. Absolute ultimate in business opportunities in USA+Canada  "












"I`m tall, I like to party...and my inner monologue sounds like Morgan Freeman."









"Western artist (sculpture), avid reader (Native culture, history,etc.), art shows, world travel, wilderness hiker"







"Ital Eating, Organic Living, Free Spirited BBoy!"






"The South`s Oldest Student-Run Musical Theater Group"

"Hi... I`m Sara. I enjoy acting, singing, going to concerts and amusement parks, Hockey and hanging out with my friends!! :D "







"If someone can sum themselves up in 160 characters or less they`re really not thinking about it hard enough."

"I`m tall and weird"




"This and that, such and so and so on and so forth"





"Husband, Father, Christ-follower, church planter  "












kata.kafein.kamera
"A WRITER: journalist, screenwriter  BBM:24ADB1D1 Email:bhthegreat@gmail.com"
"Professor (Marketing). Researcher: Knowledge Management; Marketing"



"The official JIVE Twitter page. Sharing Content, Fun Fact & Free Movie ticket for our Followers :) "


"My dream is 우주정복."



"Posso ser paranóico, mas não sou um andróide."


"living life to the fullest   LOL with the finner things in life"




"Dead End Records is a Hardcore/Punk record label based in the UK. We put out hardcore records for hardcore kids."
"Livin, lovin, goin, doin, can`t stop now!!!"



"Interactive Creative Director."


"I am a widower and live with my daughter and son-in-law."



"스스로 못할 것이라고 생각하는 것은 자신을 속이는 가장 큰 거짓말임을 명심하라. - 존 록펠러   #alpineclub #coffee"
http://www.bobbrez.com




"Medical Informatician. Father of 2 beautiful red heads"

"Apple Sales Executive @ S&S Apple Premium Reseller"



"Im yorkshire born and bred."








"House wife mother of 3 kids all grown up. I love photography. I use a Nikon D70 and Nikon D3100. -I love my family n my cameras...lol "
"He`s a good lad. But he`s Canadian."
Awesome















"Just moved to Marksville From Dublin..."


"A #bizdev enthusiast with an addiction for #Rugby and #Travel. I`m hustling to meet everyone in the world!!"

ack!



"God Is My DJ"


"simple and humour"

"loving Jesus and loving people"



мышка-наружка


"mother,daughter, sister,wife,aunt, teacher "





"Mulher, mãe, estudante eterna, trabalhadora, cozinheira - quase gourmet, amante da vida e filha do Deus eterno. Amo meu filho - o meu melhor."


"music, cinema, basketball, swiming, travel . . . "


"Consultora de RH da Boehringer Ingelheim,empresa do segmento farmacêutico.       "








"No Regrets..."

"Be with out fear in the face of your enemies, be just and upright that god may love thee speak the truth always even if it leads to your death."

"The pitter patter of one cynical optimist. Ex-accountant turned dog trainer, turned child/youth advocate. Counsellor in training. Believer in FUN."
"Empress Travel, Schenectady, NY, in business over 40 yrs. We eliminate misleading information and tell you the real truth when buying travel."
"I`m just a girl, that`s all that they`ll let me be..."



"social butterfly specialising in social comment"

"java developer"


"im sabrinaa. i love readingg hahaha. im new to twitter so FOLLOW ME. lmao. (: made by nicoleee. "








"creative marketing professional by day...wife-to-be, daughter, sister and friend by night"

"Dinnae really care."











"I`m a highly motivated executive have over 10 years of experience with technology research and product development."






"Enterprise Social Solutions Architect and Sr. Strategist. + I love Sriracha and put it on most things edible.. http://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholasramirez"
" "







"Wireless communications, software and cognitive radio, dynamic spectrum access research, development & commercialisation; surfer, radio experimenter (EI5IN)"











"Never settle"

Goygoycu

"Boost productivity on Twitter and get revenue with your profile."








"Oils - Treatments - Consumables"

"Hey, I guess if i have anything interesting to say i`ll just  tweet!"









"Live, Laugh, Love !, :), 3; KET, MLD, HTG, KRM, YS, NAG"







"Not a big flaming mess. "
designer





"Student Services Manager recruiting students to take our courses and visit our great laboratory!!"





"marketeer & business development practitioner, Doctoral student who is interested in exploring CSR depiction in developing countries, travel obsessed. "


"O maior portal de promoções do Brasil. Promoções, concursos culturais, relacionamento e outras formas de divulgação das marcas de nossos anunciantes."

"Busting Kneecaps and Noses since 2009."






"Grrrl on the Go!"
"To understand that you`re happy and to know why and how and still be happy, be happy in the being and knowing, well that is beyond happiness, that is bliss."
"I am me"



"Singer. :D"




"Fun, Sweet, Bubble of life...:)"
"Ausprobierer, Technikaufrüster, Androidbastler, 3D-Modeller, Pausenliebhaber, Jazz-Freak, Quasselstrippe, Füßehochleger, Kaffeetrinker  und und und ... Lehrer"








"I`m from Nashville, TN trying to take NYC by storm:)"




"Internet Marketer and Sales Person"

"Consultant to NPOs, work with refugees/immigrants; like travel/arts; low tech but trying to learn, interested in planning, governance, mergers, & leadership"





"Não pode chover o tempo todo. O céu não pode cair para sempre. E embora a noite pareça longa, suas lágrimas não podem cair para sempre."









"Chief Advocacy Officer of the Texas Credit Union League"

"Former IT geek turned mom geek.  Trying to make mom geek chic.  I just said that cause it rhymed. "
"Entrepreneur, Businessman, CeMAP qualfied Mortgage and Protection adviser."


"I am a crazy redhead. I am passionate about my family. I support whatever my husband and son choose to do with every bit of energy I can muster."
"tweet your face!"


"生え抜き派の阪神ファン 99ANNのヘビーリスナー"










"Zaphod`s just this guy, you know?"



"Jesus follower, worshipband, el joven a quien Jesus ama"



"trader at gann-institute"


"Janice Is An Anointed & Inspiring Teacher, Author & Conference Speaker. She Is The CEO of Janice Hylton Ministries & Firm Foundation Bible Studies@www.jhmin.org"

"Publicitária & Produtora Audiovisual"



"GlobalFairTrade is Global Fair Trade Shopping LLC.  Featuring a new fair trade shopping website, www.globalfts.tv"

"Apple Core Hotels provides chic and affordable accommodations in the heart of Manhattan. Complimentary breakfast, free Wifi and more!"





"CompSci student at Warwick, Christian, Free Software developer."


"A boring college student who loves sports"

"Hey! It is what it is. Thats whats up."


"...cuando puse mi ubicacion no habia moviles listos. Twitter follower."
"M&A consultant and angel investor in mobile internet in China"









"Un jefe: Dios"

"I like to listen to music,Read,and trying to figure out rubicks cube for 5 years."











"Ro-lex. More Sex. Good Weed. No Stress."







"His songwriting has a message. Mostly the message is of love: love lost, love gained, love wished for, etc; but, the words have meaning."
"My wife and I own Evolution Salon & Spa where I get to create and grow as an Artist of Hair"


"music is life; guitar is 3"
"Husband, father, follower of Christ, LMFT, Conservative, Blues enthusiast, & Baseball Fanatic - SF Giants, 2010 World Series Champions!!"
"Retired TX Marine"

"Irish Catholic, about says it all"




"See me on Facebook"






"Portfolio Manager, Goodreid Investment Counsel"
"Matthew, 19, glasgow, college HND business, nights out, bevvy, football, music!"

"Sophmore at Mizzou.Gamma Phi Beta."


"artist, golfer, aimless wanderer"

"Auntie, Sister, AKA, Runner and Lover. Just me...Love me or leave me!!! Enjoying life DRAMA FREE. "




"Internet retailer of unlocked GSM cell phones, cellular accessories, and mobile devices"



"Teach, research & consult in environmental politics & public policy. President @hbstrategies, instructor @ University of British Columbia (UBC), PhD"













"Broadcaster Rochester Knighthawks"

TraVerus







"Love Twitter, love information."
"秋田県大館市出身で現在秋田市に住んでます。 秋田、青森のうまいものに興味があります。 趣味はランニング。 ルービックキューブに再び目覚めそう"
"I`m twenty about to start post graduate iin primary education. I like laughing, talking, drinking and the cinema"
"This twitter is dedicated to the relationship between Meredith Grey and Derek Shepherd from Grey`s Anatomy"













"I like making you smile."






"We love to travel. We`d love to help you travel. Cruise with us & ExpediaCruiseShipCenters!"
"john menninger, 18, i live in kentucky, pretty simple, love to have fun, love to just hang out, play baseball and basketball,i love girls, and real people."













alive





"You have no choice but to love me cause im just that special !!!!!!!!!"


"brianzabelski that is relevant to my interests"

"Parliamentary activity extracted from TheyWorkForYou.com"
"Em busca do emagrecimento saudável e definitivo "




"Cantor, musico & produtor"




"i just want 2 live a life without worries, where i can be me without fear of being judged. i want 2 let go of the past, live the present, & dream of the future."

"naci en cajamarca peru  el 26 de enero de 1975   me gusta la psicologuia  la geografia  musica  y fabrico   guitarras   "





"Glass artist, team coach & lecturer"






"I like sports and being juvenile"

adventurous
















"owner/operator of oceanswims.com"
"The SteelHeart Rose"




" 匡扶正道，赤手空拳，亦敢与龙蛇相搏！虽风云变幻、潮起潮落，仍中流砥柱，傲然不倒。 "





"The future sucks."
"HAPPILY married to my husband samuel FOR 3 NEARLY 4 YRS. we have 2 beautiful baby boys. born again christian, love the Lord Jesus Christ. just trying this out"
"dreamer.lover.coffee addict.vegetarian.little monster.keyboardist.music lover.doctor who obsessed. christian.friend.  "






"Graduate Student. Atheist. Mass Spectrometrist."
"Decendiente de jalisco mexicano por fortuna. me nombraron andres maquez el macizo desde que estava en la cuna, y soy quien soy gracias a mi publico y mi familia"

"DUH!! I like...Like...You To Smile!!"




"Web developer"



"uprising journalist with dope pr moves that`s going to take over the entertainment world one word at a time!"
"Computer Science Major at Eastern Michigan University"
"Author William T Taylor was born in Chicago Illinois and still resides in a western suburb of Chicago. "





"President of SARINAstore.com `Beautiful Jewelry for Beautiful People`."



"Philosophy/music/art geek. Vegetarian. Ireland."
"Expert en référencement naturel, consultant indépendant"
"Fotógrafa   Empreendedora  meadiciona.com/camilabibas"


"By day I am a Manager of Web Technologies @ Extensis.com by night a father of 1 boy and husband to my wife. I also am kept by 4 cats and one big dog."




"Abolitionist Vegan, Animal Lover, Animator, Artist, Film maker, Website designer and Vegan Podcaster."










"TV addict, chocoholic, arachnophobic...though if you put me on Survivor I`d gladly eat a chocolate-covered spider. "



"Vivo intensamente cada dia , como se fosse o ultimo a que estaria a vir :D "








"All about me."



"I am a piano pop artist that delivers exceptional melodies with compelling lyrics-music with a message!"


"Litigation Support Specialist @ Law firm in Greensboro, NC"
"Im Captain Morgan! 21 yrs old, 5`11, 164 lbs, baby blue eyes, choclate brown hair! Im an aspiring poet, amazing artist, male mode and the producer for LCW!!! "















"CEO Freeman PR, Toy and licensing PR firm; Active, involved dad of three boys...love toys (esp. Mattel, Fisher-Price, Thomas, Dora, Matchbox), cooking, travel"
"artist at large..."
"Involuntarily self-employed 30-something seeks fame and fortune"








"year 10 at FAHS."

"Perception is everything.... -Fatima Tan`ia Fashion Stylist/Image Consultant, Fashion Examiner for The Examiner, Fashion Correspondent for Jamz 96.3"


"A lazy bum`"

"Tenho 21 anos, estou cursando Engenharia Civil. Trabalho atualmente com desenhos no Autocad, e como designer desenvolvimento de websites, logomarcas, etc."
"Canad Jobs"
"hey!!!!im T-dogs.. WHAT UP NIGGGGGGAAA!!!!!! yeah follow me bra!!!its REAAAAAAL interesting cuz "




"Hyper, Out going, And Down to earth.. no not a nerd.. but thats all you need to know."












"Hip-Tronic Music is a digital publishing label specializing in Dubstep, Drum & Bass, Hip-Hop, and Experimental music."



"Too legit to quit."



"i like to wish u all"

"Um sonhador..."






"First lady of Trilenium Records, a Reggae/dancehall lable"







Tantyhartsa








"Professional internet geek. Bleeding-heart. Eco-worrier. Iconoclast."














14/girl/taken♥
"Just a college boy in the USA. On Twitter to learn and connect."




"Không có bước chân không có con đường."



"Lover of all things fine...fine stationary, fine hotels, fine jewelry, fine handbags, fine wine, and above all fine dining. "


"head shrinking, thesis writing machine (yeah right)"




simpleman





"owner and chief dyer of Scarlet Fleece. I raise sheep. goats, chickens, 4 boys and a husband. I knit, spin, read and keep up with politics & where my taxes go."





"#teamapple #teamtaken #teamemployed #teanmakinbank #teamidgaf"






"***magnet to madness***"
"モバイル系のプログラマです。 福井高専出身です。"
"95 % CONSERVATIVE. I think people should watch their own kids about what they watch / music. Those who long for peace must prepare for war  "
"사람과 사람사이에 길... 사이길...이네요~~"

"IU music/arts admin alum. Half Greek. Marketing/New Media Associate for the Aspen Music Festival. Music, cars and technology are my life. I try to cook, too!"





"iOS, Android & Senior Web Developer. Geek and Mac Addict."


"I was supposed to explain myself in 200 characters? Hmm... all I have to say is Follower of Christ Jesus."

"The Center for Remote Sensing of Ice Sheets aims to predict the response of sea level change to the mass balance of ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica."






"Laid back easy going person trying to make it big in this world "



























"Wife, soon to be mom, pop culture addict, secretly wants to be in a band. "



"the cigarette in my right hand is my right hand although I`m trying not to be the window I am looking through"
:)
"I have a wonderful 9 yr old son and im engaged to a great man named Joel"
"im 37 yrs old,love to shoot pool,play texas holdem& have a good time"

"Loves life when lifes kind"











"I am a very random girl who is just trying to make it.  I have a blog & I want 2 put myself out there. I want to be the next big thing!Lookin to meet new peeps!"

"Family Oriented person and friend."
"I`m hilarious, and b-e-a-utiful."



single




















"Tips, scripts and commands for Exchange Server, Office Communications Server and others Microsoft Technologies."

"Just me being me!!!!"
"Mixing IT and Business"






"No worry no hurry be happy.Fan of Mets,Giants,Nets,Rangers and liberal Democrats.Do desire world peace."











"Simply complicated...brilliantly confusing...beautifully plain..."



"Once part of the Jet Set, now setting the standards of the Well Set. Live well with our contributors input on film, style, music & travel. You can have it all. "

"Learning life.  LIKE A CHAMP."
"if ya wanna know bout me,ask me...."

"hi I`m rabiah :)"


"Holdin` it down 4 my baby!"








"opera singer/student"






こぞうのぱおんです。ほしくさとごろねがすき。





"musician, john deere salesman, husband, father, son, countryboy"

complicated








"Comtech is an award winning, customer-oriented, full-service IT solutions provider offering solutions to multiple markets.  "


"The Twitter Account for the Academic Innovation Exchange Conference"
"Just ask..."

"Grabbing boobs and smoking doobs."






"I get buckets.... enough said"





"26 y.o. single mom, teacher, love horseback riding and much more"

"The hot blonde. xx"

"Louisianna, the 18th State, joined the Union April 30 1812. Motto: Union, justice, and confidence. Capital: Baton Rouge "







"Cinematic Designer for Jagex Games Studio"



"Golden Ninja Warrior"

"Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.  "

"in Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Republic Indonesia"


"I love to read and blog about books I read and read my students` blogs about books they read and get free books!"

"Sou tecnica de enfermagem com especialização do trabalho, fiz curso de instrumentação cirúrgica e estou terminando o curso de Serviço Social,"
"Nada que vá te surpreender pode ser escrito aqui."

"CIO with extensive experience in the PR industry with specialties in ERP,  mobile technology, social media , and emerging technologies."










"She who travels fastest, travels light."

"Sports Media 360 is a convention that will be in Cleveland, OH on Oct. 23-25"








"I`m Kaya. I`m an author trying to get published. For now, I write fanfiction. Butch Hartman is my hero! :D Meeting him is like, my biggest dream."

"I am 21 and im from New Zealand and i live life to the fullest lol"










"voetbal, Middelburg, Zeeland"
"animal lover, frustrated artist"





"Web Designer specializes in the creation and promotion of artists online portfolios."








"another announcement of cleverness... or not"


"Melbourne guy"

"livin in the 407 but oringinally from 305.All bout making my money and being with the fam."



"Cupcake Baking Entrepreneur"







"mediathecaris,yoga docent,moeder,lezer,reiziger, beetje kok,beetje fotograaf,internetter, leergierig,zen"
"aquela que ama as pessoas em sua em volta. se quiser me conhecer aperta naquele botão que diz follow (: me siga, e me conheça !"

"Knowledge thirsty, fashion conscious, romantic,impatient,gourmet cook, bouncy and fastidious"


"Professional footballer***. Love writing music. Hanging with my friends. (should be a pro footballer****)"
"Editorial assistant at This Old House magazine, NYU M.S. candidate in publishing; tweets about food, shelter, UW Huskies, life as a native west-coaster in NYC"




DEFY


"World largest cricket social networking site - thecricfanclub.com"



"Bárbara Tibúrcio , enfermeira, amo viver cada dia como fosse o ultimo, gosto d dançar, sou catolica, seguidora, alegre, orgulhosa e sincera até d +. ESSA SOU EU"







"La Musica e` Vita"










"WDW Travel Planner, kitty rescuer, and official graphic designer/web nerd for the fan club of NASCAR`s #17 Matt Kenseth (see @KensethClub)."

"Girl from Europe. Slovene.* Blond, 175 cm tall. Friendly, outgoing, usually nice (or not :P), a little bit crazy. :D    "





"when you are looking for free foreclosure information, what you should really be looking for are the details that will help you to get ahead of others who are l"






"Someday... Evermore..."
"A 15 yr old that loves to play video games and hang out with his friends...... no I`m not nerdy lol "
"Hey, I`m a web designer and developer from Valencia, Venezuela."
"I retired from the Navy in 1998. Now work for WA State.Enjoy riding my bike, going to the beach or heading to the wilderness."



"portas da percepção"


"WSI (We Simplify the Internet) can help your business market effectively on the Internet"



"ALL I GOT Is Me, MySelf, And LAYSHA"






"im obnoxious"









"I`m Just A Kid"





"Here to LIve"
"ik ben delilah, mijn hobby zijn breakdance en muziek"
肉好き系髭が生えるおねえさん?



"Never say goodbye, because goodbye means going away, & going away means forgetting. "

"TwitZip: Building a Twitter Zip Code Infrastructure for Consistent Public Use"



"Joven, pienso luego existo. Aburrido por naturaleza, me gusta variar y viajar para no morir en la rutina. "








"risos !"

"Mother, Wife, 4th grade teacher and dabbling actress. Life is good."




"Litigator for Liberty @pacificlegal. I also run. A lot."



"I recieved my eagle scout badge in 9th. grade, graduated from the university of washington with a B.A. in economics in 1978. was a backgammon professional for t"
"Staying out of Trouble"
"I call it like I see it"
"Im an awesome married princess!"

"Latest Site Updates from CarJunky.com"



"(no) Ordinary Angel"
"Co-owner/editor of Travel Writers` Tales"
"Fear Ensures Loyalty"



"Freshman at KSU..I love to laugh & smile..I absolutely HATE drama!!! Oh yeah follow me loves #TeamFollowBack #AmbitiousGirl #ImMyOwnTeam"
"Japa,leonina da pior especie,ama a vida,adora festas,ñ vive sm shows da rec,tm 1 hiper amiga,loca d atirar pedra,AMANTE DO ROCK!"

"Oficial de náutica, viajante inveterado e amante da arte de viver."




"A wisdom follower...Science, Philosophy, Environment and New Age.Yoga and Dance teacher. "


"daughter. sister. aspiring friend. half-Jamaican. Jesus follower. reader. writer. singer. dancer. actress. lady. geek. but the whole is more than the sum."









"don`t judge me. you know my name, not my story"



















"follower of Christ, father, husband, sojourner"




"every t-shirt plants thirty trees in the fight against global climate change, visit our online store at www.zazzle.com/addictrees"






"A housewife, a blogger and a curious cat surfing the net"


"Classic Hits Radio KKPR 98.9FM"





"News, insights and commentary into the booming business of college sports."
"I`m a hero of myself"


"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don`t matter and those who matter don`t mind.  -Dr. Seuss"
God.






"He`s becoming my life... I love my life."









"hand holder, dream soother, love giver"

"loving mum, daughter, sister & friend. coffee lover. frustrated singer."

열정

"ACG宅 最近开始恶补轻小说，不过有点忽视Anime 目前的愿望是什么时候可以不用这么痛苦的翻墙看东西！"



"Owner of Grandma G`s...bringing you linens and housewares with a history! Member of Make Mine Pink, Shabby Lane Village Shops, & Vintage Tablecloth Lovers C"




"Just a wannabe artist, news junkie, and hopefully a likeable guy!"


"College de La Salle Class of 69 "
http://wiki.github.com/tt25/sebastian/home


"Kid Psych, Psycho Mom!"




"crazy.determined.forgiving.trustworthy.stubborn.happy. and everything in between. 3"













"DotNet and Web Developer, Youth Leader, and Husband (not necessarily in that order)"

"political campaigner on fair votes, fair trade and a fair society. Activist and proud part of the global Netroots. Subject of"

"10 years of Staffing & Recruiting experience.  Currently Director of Recruiting at Kforce. On my off time I love to travel and go to the beach.  "

"I love clubbing, goin to the beach, shopping and chilling with the gurlz and gettin smashed lol. I LOVE VODKA lol.... Thats about it.."




"O`well,my GT on XBL Is FossilAmoeba :)."


"TRUMP YOUR WAY TO FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE"

"i cant describe myself in less than 160 characters!  not enough! lol :) follow me. tweet me :)"

"Fight fire-with fire\"."
















"Go Cubs"

"Crazy.Nerd.loves Reading stories/ studying/programming. Dreams to be a bigshot lawyer someday"

"No More Goat Soup"
"ID + Web Designer, Founder of Mindjog Communications Inc."


"cinta Allah, rasullullah dan keluarga."


"Whát I do is me: for that I came."
ゲーム・漫画・アニメが大好きな隠れオタク。。でも最近ちょっとバレ気味。







bakayaro




定番からレア物まで世界中のスニーカーが集るショップ　恵比寿に店舗あり。






"Austria`s leading English newspaper - a 24-7 news service from Austria."


"¿Why so Serious?"


"Founder of the progressive rock/rock band SENSES, which was formed in 1994. We released  a CD entitled Fields Unsown, which has received many good reviews"

Trouble

"who r u to tell me how to conduct myself why don`t u practice safe sex and go fuck yourself"














"im 41 and have 4 girls and work in shop called iceland.i have blue eyes and 5ft 4 and love havin friends "






"Armo,visual/digital artist,animator,ethnic food,outdoors,Timmies, movies,music,soccer,hackey Drinking,patios,vid.games technology all sorts of techie nerdy stuf"
"BITS Pilani    Economics    Electronics & Instrumentation    Intern at Travelocity, a Sabre Holdings firm, Bangalore."



"Recruiter, Student, Poker Player, Supporter of Feyenoord Rotterdam!"



"Laugh, Live, Love ♥"




"artsy fun loving wild child"

"Laufen, und das schon immer, steht täglich auf meinem Plan und mit mehr oder weniger großem Erfolg treibt es mich jeden Morgen in meine Laufschuhe. "











"Pai, se você estiver lendo isso, vai tomar no cu!"
"The Arts Means Business conference October 6, at the Fleet Air Arm Museum in Somerset 9am – 4:30pm if you are creative you need to be here"














"Hi my name is ruby I`m 28 live in the corpus christi area I`m a mother n go to school at night. New to this site."


"Life is a banana... it bends a little to the right or the left, depending how you start off."

"Chicago`s highest rated Jeweler specializing in High Performance Diamonds and CAD designs, Engagement Rings and Wedding Bands, as well as Anniversary gifts."

"WORKING LADY"





"Journalist   Schrijver   Het idee m/v   Brein   Psychologie   Gender   Seks   Overgewicht   Gezondheid   Borst vs fles   Nature vs nurture   Bad science   Mama"
"hey wassup twitter fans i need more followers so if u wan`t to follow go ahead thanks i`m out peace:)"
"testando o universo... *_º"




"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it`s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring - M. Monroe"


"Coach and writer for intense professionals and teams.  Can say the hard stuff with soft touch. www.WhatsYourEdge.com/blog"
"Homebrewer, web developer, dreamer"
"Arki grad"

"Mein Gott I`m Himmel"

"Publicitário Diretor de Arte Digitas"
"19. new jersey. in a serious relationship. "




"Britney Stan from the MIA with a PhD and a proclivity for chocolate, running, and football  fanaticism."




"Christian, Dreamer, Inspired by Hope and filled with Love 3"
"Heya twitter :) I`m a shy girl but once you get to know me my true colors come out. I love to have fun and my dream is fallow everyone on twitter."


"i`m kelli. and i dont care about much."

"#TeamL.O.T.B "
